The words that you are reading right now, were not written by a human.
Who were they written by?
They were written by ChatGPT.

The game has changed.

When you are stuck on a problem, 
You should ask ChatGPT for help.

With the power of technology, it possible to learn 1000 things a month.

5 topics an hour.
10 hours a day.
30 days a month.
That is 1500 topics.

1000 is definitely doable.
All it takes is time, energy, and effort.

Learning a foundation for coding should take a year.
But let's see if we can do it in one month.

After you go home, there will be additional.

Our goal in class today is the following: 

Learn 50 easy things.
Learn 2 medium things.
Learn 1 hard thing.

Without further ado, let's get started.

I will need your help to read.

When I hear your voice, it gives me the energy to be a better and better and better teacher.

So read with power. It will make the class strong. More importantly, it will make you strong.

Sometimes you will read something that doesn't make sense.
Sometimes you will read something that you DISAGREE with.

I encourage you to speak when that happens.
I encourage you to say, "I disagree with that idea."


Idea #1 - Substitution


We store the substitutions in variables.
Instead of writing "Monday is my favorite day."
I create a binding: myFavoriteDay = "Monday is my favorite day."

You might be thinking, if the big point is using substitutions, why not make a shorter binding? How about "mfd" instead of "myFavoriteDay"?
mfd = "Monday is my favorite day."

Sure.
Let's do that for now.

So let's look at what happened.
By creating a variable, I have saved myself about 3 seconds.

mfd = "Monday is my favorite day."
mfd2 = "Tuesday is my favorite day."
mfd3 = "Wednesday is my favorite day."

So these are the commands we give to the chatbot.

if day is Monday:
    chatbot.say(mfd)
if day is Tuesday:
    chatbot.say(mfd2)

brooklynlearning.github.io/codeground

To unlock the examples that you learned.
To read the stories.


Now, I have saved some more time.
I dont have to write


To not say the numbers.
But to have the ideas in place.

Coding is many things.

In class, I learned
There will be flashcards for you to practice.

I highly encourage you to make your own flash card website.

Dangerous Pitfalls










You can try a free sample of this coding class.
Send email to kevinlulee1@gmail.com

Sample email template is shown below.

from: sam123@gmail.com
to: kevinlulee1@gmail.com

subject: 'coding class sample'
body: 
    Hi, 

    I would like to try coding class sample. 

    I am beginner level.

    Thanks,
    Sam


In the email body, please write your name and your level.
Your level should be, "beginner", "intermediate", or "advanced."

65 dollars a month.
65 dollars + volunteer service.

    30 minutes of volunteer service every week.




This is a sample lesson.
3 classmates have been randomly generated for you.
