
kaylee good morning everyone.
everyone good morning Kaylee!
Kaylee I have something really important to talk about. 
elina what is it Kaylee?
kaylee Do you guys remember what we were promised the first day?
Kloe Of course I do! I'm like an elephant. All I need to do is see or hear something once, and I'll never forget it.
Aaron We were promised ice cream! Where is it!
elina Where's our ice cream! Ruh ruh ruh rude!
Kloe Hmmph. You know how adults are. They never keep their promises.
Aaron When I’m an adult, I’m going to keep my promises.
Elina We're probably going to have to wait 50 more years.
kaylee But I don’t want to wait that long!
kloe But Kaylee, you can’t even eat ice cream.
kaylee But you can. And Aaron can. And Elina can.
Elina Guys, if we don't want to wait 50 years, there's only one thing we can do.
kaylee What's that Elina?
Elina We have to make the ice cream ... ourselves.
Aaron Make the ice cream? But that's impossible!
kloe Aaron, the only impossible journey, is the one you never begin.
kaylee Aaron, do you know what time it is?
Aaron Yes, it's 8:57AM.
Kaylee No! It's time to make ice cream!
kaylee Elina do you know what time it is?
elina Yes I do Kaylee! It's time to make delicious strawberry and vanilla ice cream!
kloe the first step is we will need heavy cream and whole milk.
Kaylee The ratio is 2 parts cream to 1 part milk.
aaron What's a ratio? 
kloe Ratios and proportions are usually used for comparisions. 
elina the ratio of 2 to 1 means that no matter how much you have, the comparision between the cream and the milk has to be 2 to 1.
aaron so if i have 10 parts cream,
kaylee that means you will need 5 parts milk.
aaron What if I have 1000 parts milk?
elina Then to maintain the ratio, you will need 2000 parts cream.
kloe the next step of the recipe says the proportion of vanilla to strawberry is 3 to 4. 
aaron Elina how much strawberry do you want?
Elina 120 grams.
kaylee that means we will need 80 grams of vanilla.
aaron how did you do that kaylee?
kaylee I'm just following the proportion. 80 to 120 matches 3 to 4.
aaron How do you know it matches?
kaylee Because 3 divided by 4 equals 0.75 and 80 divided by 120 also equals 0.75.
elina what's the next step Kloe?
kloe the next step is to take a break.
kaylee but what about the ice cream that I'm not going to eat?
aaron It's break time!
elina It's okay Kaylee, we already did so much!
aaron a cream and milk ratio problem,
elina and a vanilla and strawberry ratio problem.
kloe but most importantly,
aaron we decided to do the impossible.
kaylee by making our own ice cream!
ev great job everyone!

