Boop(3) means take 3, add 5 to it, and then multiply it by 2.
Boop(4) means take 4, add 5 to it, and then multiply it by 2.
What does Boop(7) equal?


Great Job Austin. That is correct.
I will now write Boop in python code.

def boop(n):
    return n * 2 + 5

Hammy, what does "def" mean?

It stands for "function definition."
Anytime you want to create a new function, you start with "def"

Hammy, what is a function?

That is a difficult question to answer. It is kind of like asking, what is Hammy's favorite snack.

Hammy like peanut butter.
Hammy like strawberry jelly.
Shujing: Hammy like raisins.
Functions are many things. They are not just one thing.

What is the simplest explanation for a function?

Hmm. The simplest explanation is "function" means action.

Mr. Hammy, is this statement correct?

"The boop function is an action that turns the number 5 into 50?"

Austin, that is wonderful. 
But you can make the statement even better.

Because after all. The boop function doesn't just do it for 5. It does it for any number. boop(2), boop(3), boop(4), boop(10) , it all works.

My new and improved statement is "the boop function is an action that takes any number, adds 5 to it, and then multiplies it by 5."

Splendid Austin. Splendid!

def boop(n):
    return (n + 5) * 5

Mr. Hammy, I have a question. Where does the "n" come from?

When we do boop(4), we plug in "4" for n. The answer that is returned is (4 + )
When we do boop(5), we plug in "5" for n.

The "n" is the

Mr. Hammy, I have another question. What does "return" mean?

Good question Vincent.
Mr. Hammy, I think I know the answer. Can I explain it?

Go ahead Mr. Austin.

I think it basically means answer. 
When the function returns something, it gives you the answer.

That's right Austin.
Except in coding, we don't really use the word "answer."
We use the word "value."

Boop(3) means 3 * 2 + 10. The return value is 16.
Perfect Vincent!

Boop(100) means 100 * 2 + 10. The return value is 210.
Perfect Austin!

Vincent and Austin, you guys did great!

It is time for some practice problems before we go to the second chapter. Please check with my assistant, Mr. Lee, to make sure your answers are correct.

It is peanut butter time for Hammy.
Good Bye Vincent
Good Bye Austin!
Vincent And Austin: Bye Hammy!

def goop(a):
    return a + a + a

What does goop(10) equal?

Sam puts a mystery number into goop() and gets back the return value 45. What number did Sam put in? 15


Ivy and Sandy



Math Teacher Hammy

Good mornig

Hello Shujing. It's me Hammy.
Hammy? 
Shujing and Sandy


What does goop(5) + goop(10) equal?

goop(5) + goop(10) = goop(A)

What number does "A" have to be, in order to make the above statement true?


Challenge 

1 What does goop(goop(3)) equal?

It equals 234.




Chapter 2 - Mathematical Functions
-----------------------

Good morning Vincent.
Good morning Austin.
Good morning Hammy.

What are we going to learn today?

We are going to learn addition.

//, subtraction, multiplication, and division.

The code versions of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division?

Exactamundo Vincent.

Here is the first one: addition.

def addition(a, b):
    return a + b

Here are my observations.

"def" tells us we are creating a function definition.
"addition" is the name of the function definition.

When we did boop, "n" was the only letter.
This time, there are 2 letters, "a" and "b".

That is correct Vincent.

Since there are 2 letters, I think that means we plug in 2 numbers. Is that correct Hammy?

It is super correct Austin. But guess what? Here is why Hammy loves coding. It doesn't just have to be a number.

What do you mean Hammy?
addition(3, 5) equals 8.
What else can we plug in?
You can plug in anything!

What does addition('peanut', 'butter') equal?

Um ... does it equal 'peanutbutter' ?

Yes! Peanutbutttttttttttttter!

def sayhi(person):
    return "Howdy Howdy " + person

What does sayhi("Sam") equal?

It equals "Howdy Howdy Sam".
We plug in "Sam" for person, then we add it all together.

Try this one.

def sayhi(person):
    return "Howdy Howdy " + person + "!"

It is the same thing but there will be an exclamation mark.

Hammy,

Yes Vincent?

I noticed that sometimes you will use "quotes", but other times, you don't use the quotes. How come?

I cannot tell you this Vincent.
Why not?
Because you have to discover it yourself.

But Hammy, we want to know now.

Austin, have you ever eaten a delicious chocolate?
Have I ever!
What does it taste like?
It tastes delicious.
What does delicious taste like?
I don't know. It tastes soft and creamy and sweet and chocolately.
What does soft and creamy sweet and chocolately taste like?
It tastes yummy.
What does yummy taste like?
Why yummy tastes delicious!

When do you need quotes?
When do you not need quotes?

The answer is this:
When it is a string, you need quotes.
When it is a variable, you don't need quotes.

I don't get it Hammy.
What is a string?
What is a variable?

You will get it.
Are you sure?
I'm positive.

Hammy is going to eat raisins.
Vincent and Austin are going to figure out when you need quotes, and when you don't need quotes.

