06-13-2021: my diet has been extremely weird. all i eat is beans basically. 
06-13-2021: i have not talked to anyone ... in such a long time.
06-13-2021: I have to do Maylynn's questions tomorrow. And Alan. It should fit into this framework.
06-18-2021: no observations about personal appearance, personal ethic, personal anything. All that there is, is to let it flow.
06-20-2021: the feeling of having someone look out for you. that is something that was missing. I do need to give more homework. Perhaps I let my family down. family... it's ups and downs ... it is like I completely went away from it.
06-22-2021: the way of jonathan and his brother feels a lot like the way of K and Arya. John will become a certain person. The person that his destiny will shape him into being. Any influence, which I might overlay, is but a tertiary flavor. why do i have a stomachache right now.
06-22-2021: u could see it in Carlisle's face, that he wasn't really engaged at all. The loss didnt mean that much to him. You also saw the way that Cuban shouted.
06-22-2021: the most important thing for math is setting up the template, the tree which will permit learning. i was lucky to see those parents. i will be shaped, as much as I shape.  Dallas did not have any vet players. Vets are people who have gone through the system, and can empathsize with the younger players.
06-22-2021: i have to be Mr. Lee, but I have to be me. What is important to me. That they feel their own sense of self. They will experience something they have never experienced before.
06-22-2021: i will never experience that again. I will experience it. But I will be prepared next time.
06-23-2021: Andrei asked me about whether Alan was the only one with this arrangement. this is not a question that I need to answer.  it is correct for me to fix my mistakes as they happen. children adapt to their surroundings. that is the process of shaping. 
06-23-2021: the tracking of the position needs to be implicit. so that u dont have to do the tracking nonsense everywhere. 
06-24-2021: monumental things are starting to happen in my life. the distance to traverse is far too great. but i will try.
06-25-2021: the kids come to learn. they don't have to carry anything. You must take their pass of least resistance. A t-shirt? No. Is it free? I shook my head. Everything pointed in the same direction. Everything about the story harmonizes. Everything about the presentation.  harmonizes. harmony of the elements...presents a convincing story. Too much freedom is a bad thing. To take it slowly. Each child an expression of his or her parent.  Coaching lebron james must've been hard. But u never heard a word from Ty. In the world of Doc Rivers, the roles come predetermined. Putting myself in a bad position.
06-25-2021: the way you tutor someone really behind. is to show that yo ucare. Caring lets you align all the actions correctly.  
06-25-2021: something that is free, is always a little bit sus. get it done with.  wrong to make a website called maylynnml or jonaben. basically wrong to expect anything.  the answer is perpetual hunger to become the best that you can be. a perpetual hunger which never ends. the problem with tutoring is both sides absorb. the actions are directly assimilated. 
06-25-2021: sometimes everything works, and it's just a small adjustment which needs to be made. And then it starts to work. I will have to share the website. I will unload in little steps.  
06-25-2021: nothing is done for passion and joy. Everything is done for reasons. Part of our inheritance. The price of joy. The feeling of freedom...
06-25-2021: the slow rhythm. So it has to be for student circles. that's what would get Alan.
06-25-2021: declare a global rng, which will let u control it through the grade level. 
06-26-2021: what determines difficulty is the number of numbers as well as the range of t hose numbers. thus, the main entrypoint is the numberpicker for determining difficulty.
06-30-2021: do not punish other people for the mistakes that you make.
07-01-2021: need to take 3 minute showers every 15 minutes if i am going to be at home, to stay cool.
07-02-2021: be on the lookout for too much chaos. it can happen at any moment. 
07-03-2021: feelings of despair, intermingled with feelings of hope. this is a common feeling.
07-09-2021: bike stolen
07-09-2021: eating lunch with Yaonan tmrw
07-15-2021: more and more, my body is starting to wear down. This is hyperbole of course... but it is true, that my body is going through changes.
07-15-2021: my duty to these kids has been established. I am to be part of the environment. I will create beautiful assignments. I will give unexpected gifts of strength.
07-16-2021: no matter what, you must honor the process. You must honor the steps that get you to where you are going. u cannot skip steps.
07-17-2021: left rice out 2 days in a row  did not brush teeth  ate pretzels and cashews right before sleeping  i have been leaving the AC on too much  neglected to do alan's sat work  have been fickle with the schedulings for bklynlearning  my back hurts and cracks and my neck cracks i think from sleeping on the couch  i have been wasting lots of food  the classes that i am teaching are devolving into my ususal chaos  there are some typos on the generated assignments  the organization of my files really needs some work
07-17-2021: i messed up the number of red and black cards for cops and robbers  i feel really bloated lately  no more pretzels  i need a better morning routine  i need to go later for basketball  i need to go gentler when teaching math  i should apologize when relevant  listen to the emotion of the students when they are pissed off  i need to write bigger  i need to make sure it's not too hard  we all have something worth protecting, a why which unifies us  i can't have expectations. expectations are extremely dangerous. when they can't be met, it seems that is when evil starts to form. you cannot make it too hard. you cannot push beyond a reasonable limit of the comfort zones. the kids want easy. how do you disguise hard into easy?  the gap between children of poverty and children of means is the gap of 1000 years.  so many children seem unable to give a full effort. but how can they ever be blamed. children give exactly that which is asked and shown to them.  children are smarter than they appear. the depth of their logic is not there, but they are deep emotional intuiters when they are free to be so  it might start raining tomorrow. there are a lot of  thunder and rain storms this month of july.  tackle one piece at a time. for the things that have to be done.
07-17-2021: you can simultaneously look past the demons, while paying homage to the demons. often times, these demons are survival mechanisms as well, defensive mechanisms.  i am able to be triggered by the feelings of students. this means that my feelings are able to trigger them as well. unconscious and unspoken elements rise to the surface. it is both effective and dangerous
07-17-2021: anything which is simple to teach... the kids can teach themselves.  kids do not see the forces that surround them. but what they do see is when something is good or not. they have a very strong sense of truth. slowly however, this sense will begin to diminish. the world will force them into one direction or another. the world grabs all of us. The world makes us all small. you have to jump to a higher dimension in order to escape it.
07-17-2021: it's not necessary to know the background information. The background information can cloud your current decision making. You will have preset biases. If something is impossible, you will inherit the feeling of impossibility.  i can raise the floor a little bit. simply by being.  the children are faced with so many impossibilities.  i underpromised by promising nothing. everything that comes after is gravy.  starting slow has the ability to pay divideends in the future. a slow and continual upward progression.  math is used as a pivot to transition to higher-level thinking.  if feel trips are not generated during the lesson, then it is a failure. which means i am constantly failing ben and john. it is difficult to teach them. it feels similar to teaching at the Smith School.  not everyone has the bodily ability to do certain things.  there is going to be backlash next class because of the homework.  i feel like it has been a few months since ive started my bean diet and it feels like my body hasnt changed a single inch
07-17-2021: ask the students to say something nice after the question? you cannot ask for these things.  you have to do the cleanup before the end of class. the most important thing for teaching is to never put students into a bad position. that's where i messed up. it's also really important to put students into good positions. these two positions, although seemingly to be converses, are actually quite different.
07-17-2021: something about true or false questions just rubs the wrong way. I don't know why. They just do.
07-17-2021: yes, i feel a little bit stressed out, but that is how it is supposed to be. Carving a new path... is always going to be a little bit hard.  it's quiet today, and my body doesn't hurt very much. and i have AC. that means today is basically a great day. I should call home in the evening.
07-17-2021: an innocent crush can quickly turn dangerous before your eyes when you are not careful. dont be scared, but do maintain the strongest boundaries. maintain clarity for who you are and what you represent. clear eyes, full heart, cant lose.
07-17-2021: i will show you that i am a real teacher. i will demonstrate an ultimate defense.
07-17-2021: we were supposed to have some intense thunder storms, but they did not happen. the clouds are looming large, but it is not raining. although 20 minutes later, it has indeed started raining.
07-17-2021: boring needs to stay with boring when creating assignments.  as a teacher, I get to watch the kids grow up a little bit. there is more that i can be doing, but that i havent been doing.
07-17-2021: do not employ duplicate questions. students can feel how boring it is. they have a feeling that they are being swindled.
07-17-2021: students want to see that you're investing into them before they start revealing their abilities.  the way of technology allows you to generate incomprehensibly large quantities. The next challenge, is to make each of them feel real.
07-17-2021: creating a sense for numbers takes time. it might even be natural for some students, and unnatural for other students. Regardless, a sense of numbers is something that can be trained. This happened for Andrew Rosen. His skills went thru a multiplier effect between 7th and 8th grade. It was really a magical transformation, where suddenly, it seemed like the mylein set into his neurons.
07-25-2021: no deviations from normal practices. actions must necessarily be reproduceable. they have to be consistent.
07-25-2021: i have to start putting more emphasis into Alan's SAT stuff. The test is really coming up soon.
07-25-2021: the homework that I assigned him wasn't a good homework at all. it kind of wasted the week.
07-26-2021: there is a stark difference btwn teaching grade school math and teaching that of high school math. One is a lot more free flowing, and one is a lot more purposeful. There should be a way to combine the free flowing nature off elementary school math with the purposefulness of high schoool math.  
07-26-2021: Happiness comes and go like a fickle star. The same with health
07-26-2021: A large part of a child's abilities are tied to their emotional state. Based on their feeling, their performance can be like night and day.  I am not an evil teacher. It is time to create some distance.  I do the set up. I need to do all of it.
07-26-2021: I will keep a distance of some degree. This is absolutely necessary.
07-26-2021: im spending a lot of effort right now to create the feeling that evthg is unique for the students. I believe it will yield dividends.
07-27-2021: ask how to spell zeroes
07-27-2021: the celebration of a child feeling smart ... is one of the most important things for improvement.  I wonder why my teaching style doesn't seem to work for kaylee. maybe it's the paper. maybe it's the presentation. maybe the most important thing is to do constantly have activities which let the kids feel a win.
07-27-2021: i need to find a place to get my ears cleaned
07-27-2021: i cannot go binge watching in the evening. i need to outside. which means i need some sort of food carrier. i have to eat outside so that i can go directly to the park, and i should bring a toothbrush and toothpaste and a bottle of gatorade water, and make sure to drink lots of water before heading out.
07-27-2021: i need a better way of doing string beans, cutting by hand is kind of frustrating because it hurts the hands after awhile.  Children follow the path of least resistance for what feels good. As an adult, you have to maintain a higher gradient. You cannot follow whimsical pathes because it will cause chaos to devolve in every direction.
07-27-2021: There is no chance at all for the Chinese. We will forever be stuck in this formulation. We have never had the ability to do things simply for the sake of doing them. This is part of our eternal legacy.  But it will change a little bit at a time. If it is percieved as beneficial. But usually it's not percieved as beneficial. The way of China has often been to go against freedom. And then we rationalize the decision. 
07-27-2021: The grandma operates in a dual manner, and she isn't even conscious of her actions. That is the scary part. While it is intentional, it is also not intentional. It is simply passed forward.  The only thing the Chinese language seems to do really well ... im not sure.  Kids face such a strange dichotomy of being free and not free at the same time, being a ward, and seeking freedom, and seeking shelter.
07-27-2021: Mom doesn't work on Tuesdays. Give her a call in the afternoon around 5PM EST. Dad doesn't work on Thursdays. Do the same thing.  Don't freak out over your ear. It's only been a single day so far.
07-27-2021: yesterday i paid 225 dollars to get my ears cleaned for 10 minutes.
07-27-2021: to play in the olympics, you are a player of the highest caliber. you are an olympian, a group of your own class. Even without that many watchers, you will still want to give your absolute best.
07-27-2021: John vs. his grandmother will never end. It is their eternal battle. This battle will continue again and again. This battle saps John of any will to work for himself. It decreases John's total amount of fighting force and it will propagate to the next generation.
07-27-2021: Maybe Yijie, like Cole, like myself, am no longer willing to put ourselves in certain positions, particularly that of begging for friendship.
07-27-2021: in china, if you win, it's okay. if u lose, the world ends. the gradient is not balanced. Why is it like this? Why will it forever be impossible? Why... there is no why. This is just how it is.
07-27-2021: the whole point is to give the students space to practice. So if there is no space, it completely defeats the point of even having the worksheet set up like this.  Adequate spacing and a comfortable skill increase are extremely important.
07-28-2021: today i get serious about fixing back pain, weight, belly, and everything
07-28-2021: John's life is hard, and so is Ben's. Their life is hard for reasons far different than minie.  Hey Yijie! Just saying hi. How is it going? Do make an inquiry, but never push too hard.
07-31-2021: my experience of being chinese is that we hate each other. So what a rare occurence it becomes when you meet a fellow Chinese person who does not hate you.
07-31-2021: the joy of being connected to others ... is not something that i have often experienced.
07-31-2021: when you want the instructions to be strongly honored, the instructions should stand alone as their own paper. That will demonstrate the depth of their importance.
07-31-2021: my head was hurting a little bit, then i ate some food, and then i felt better
07-31-2021: the hardest part of the story is creating a context for why a story should happen.  rather than my back hurting, now it's kind of my buttocks which hurt.  i dont believe in those magical cures like the massage thing. but we can give it a try.
07-31-2021: When I teach, I guess I am also advancing my own agendas. I want the kids to talk. That is the most important thing in my opinion.
07-31-2021: we dont feel the feelings around us. we are trapped in our own realms of pain. we are just like this...
07-31-2021: we will our next legacies with our fears.on and on and on and on it goes. the unique pressures of being a descendant of the human animal
07-31-2021: u assimilate the bullshit so deeply that it no longer even feels like bullshit. 197.
08-02-2021: first, i put the quarter in the upper slot which was not mine. And then I put a dollar in, but I forgot to set the dryer to hot...me angry.
08-06-2021: always do a prototype with doGet first before finalizing to doPost. It is considerably faster.
08-06-2021: the numbness in my ear is really strange. My dad said, 'let's watch it for 6 months. lmao' alright then. i guess that's what we're going to do
08-06-2021: will i be okay? woke up this morning and back felt kind of okay. i slept on my arm again. the afternoon, had a few tinglings. feel a little bit of nauseus. i feel scared. ill be okay.
08-07-2021: the sunshine is real and always seems to occur on saturdays, but not necessarily sundays. Initially, I wanted to preserve the Sundays for playing basketball. but it doesnt seem like im playing basketball anyways.  i dont like being under anyone's thumb. i dont like anyone under my thumb.  the sadness of the chinese way of parenting is we often destroy the self-will and motivation of a child.  i cannot control the parents. i cannot give any directives. all i can do is to shape the surrounding environment. i can do my best to render comparisons as needless. i can establish other motivating factors. i can create wonderful assignments. there are many things that i can do. the power that i can touch is thru the action of creation  my back doesnt seem to hurt very much today. i wonder why? but my arms and bones feel kind of sore. hdu improve bone density / bone strength. maybe it's because i'm not sitting down. although the body does still ache.  it wud be petulant to not offer test prep. it makes zero sense to not give something that people want. maybe place the requirement of a computer.  percents and ratios and fractions go hand in hand.
08-07-2021: maybe i can put the board horizontally and use an attachment of ropes. indeed i can. i will have to tie up the end of the ropes or cap them some how. the first iteration of the boards was on the ground. the second was trying to prop them up against the wall solo. the third was making a small cut and assembling them into two-piecers. The fourth was sticking them into the groove of a hanging bar. now we are on the 5th iteration, using ropes to hang them up. Untying the ropes however, will be a little bit hard. how shud i untie it... i have no idea. take a picture and ask reddit. 
08-07-2021: the ability to generate positive emotions is unconscious for children and semi-conscious for adults.  people dont really talk to me probably because they can sense my talking isnt so good. but they can also feel that i am playing with them.  when i score, or when i start saying meishi, is usually a sign that winning is going to start happening. dont throw passes into crowded areas especially into the inside of the paint.  laozhou exercises a lot. first basketball, and then swimming. i guess it preserves his health.  these guys who i play basketball with. it might be as close as i can get to feelings of friendship. we might not say each other's names, but we have rapport built up over multiple instances. the rapport and fellowship takes time to build. u have to go thru some trials and tribulations. but once you get to the other side, it's usually a special feeling  
08-07-2021: a lot of the time, students want an authority figure to direct them. they want the knowledge to come from the authority figure. perhaps this will make it feel safer.
08-07-2021: it's going to be hard to get these fractions working. For FPDF. It's something I've procrastinated on for a very long time now.
08-08-2021: rather than creating superclasses, it may be better to split everything up and modulize em together
08-08-2021: the weather was supposed to be gloomy today. i took a more practical approach which was to hedge on the side of safety.  i use text message to communicate many items. try to keep the messages as short as possible. no extraneous words.  it is important to try and achieve something tangible every single class. something where they can go home and say, i remembered learning this. to concretely learn, they will each need their own module. Something which directly matches their level.  Teach in a manner that is parallel. Teach them mathcounts, which was about the difficulty of the hunter high school exam. the hhse had a lot of calculations which required a numbers at a higher magnitude.  a lot of the curriculum can be combined in an unique manner. this is 'integrated math' with a comfortable scaffolding. To tie the elements together on a horizontal plane, rather than vertical. For example, a grid system will naturally teach about negative numbers. functions and sequences also go together. many of the elements go together in a unique ways which work. i had this idea that to start, u have to start from the very bottom, free from the messy of many ancestral obligations. it takes about a month to build familiarity.  perhaps i kind of messed up with alan. by not giving the required attention.  teaching jandb was really hard. but it ends next week. it ends next week. i give myself a score of about a 2 or 3.  when i teach small groups, my expectations start to grow. unobtainable expectations.  when jb are in the throes of gaming, it really looks like they're in a genjutsu.  so much seems to swirl in dollies of shame. so much.  the people who came first will get a good initial deal. Money is one way of saying thank you. Also, I am still kind of making mistakes. money prevents these elements from being deadly. i needed to start in a forgiving environment. one way to create this environment, is to reduce the cost. my homework game isn't that good currently.  when i tutor, i really dont want to hold the student's hand.  living here ... does kind of take a toll. i dont really like hearing the voice.  if the process is 2 steps, then a motivated child will be able to learn it. anything that is 2 steps, a child can learn. anything i taught to jb, for the most part, an elementary schooler should be able to learn. the ability to guess at an answer repeatedly, is a fundamental element which predicts math ability.  when ahjie talks on the phone, it is really distracting and i cant really focus.  alan is not me. he needs a lot more directed guidance.  never set absolute requirements, like 'try to do 20 chapters.' i guess when kids have to look at the entire task, it will feel too daunting, and this may cause them to just quickly quit.
08-08-2021: today i started to feel very small amounts of pressure in my ear. i am freaking out over nothing. it
08-08-2021: my ear problems aren't nothing. dad said watch it. that doesn't mean ignore it. it means to watch how things progress.  i was able to make a pretty cool learning program ... I hope I will be able to see it through. i am going through some super weird and possibly minor health issues right now. if you think about it from a practical point of view, it's not as likely that I am having something super unlikely. Most likely it ias most of the people have posted. My dad isn't worried. Based on the information that my dad has access to, he is not worried. I have a lot of work to do. So don't focus on it.  Living at 962 was ... okay. Not fabulous. Not horrible. It was balanced.  Standing up, I do not feel any backpain. my ear seems to be able to hear fine.  alan says what you want to hear, but he doesnt actually do it. this is not just alan, this is part of what it means to be a kid.  i dont know if alan is going to actually do the math workbook. in my head, i imagined it as something that i might do.  could i be exacerbating my health problems by fixating on them? thats definitely possible... making a mountain out of a molehill.
08-08-2021: The grandma perhaps said something about me, and as a result, the boys have to further adjust. the good-bye will be kind of bitter. it is not in the way that we do things. first and foremost, the boys have to align to their grandparents. As the boys are soon to go home, the grandparents become even more leninent. the grandparents are ... shaped as they were shaped ... what will be the fate of these kids... i dont know.  the way that im teaching alan might be wrong.  At some point, I will have to look thru all the questions to make the english report.
08-08-2021: kaylee will be hard to teach. but it's not entirely her fault.
08-08-2021: i didnt teach today... and i feel kind of down about it. i found something that i really love, in perhaps the same way kd found a love for basketball. teaching, in a way, sustains me.  when teaching john, it's like he has to stay congruent to the way he acts at school.  When hearing the grandma and the children talk, there is never any actual conversation. it is merely the top handing down a dictate.  for whatever reason, i do need to leave this area. i absly need to leave. staying here for too long, feels dangerous.  
08-08-2021: as the complex starts to increase, the Chinese ability starts to decline. We are stuck in smaller loops. we aren't rising to higher elements.  so many of the people that I see online are creating absolutely amazing things. i want to join their pantheon. i also want to make amazing things.
08-08-2021: elements which require visualization should not be taught with words.
08-08-2021: this week, it says the upcoming sunday will be sunny. that is 7 days from now. let's see what happens
08-09-2021: i woke up this morning and there wasn't any numbness or tingling for awhile in my ear. however, my back did feel quite a bit achey. after about 2 hours, a small bit of tingling has arrived. sometimes, it's not as intense. i dont think im imagining it at all. it is real. but it could also be exacerbated by my health anxiety. believe in your body. things will turn out okay. u dont have a family history. that means it is probably functional. additionally, u r male, young, and asian, all of which contribute to health. if we're talking about a stacked deck, there are many elements stacked in your favor. when i feel the tingle along the side of my face, this one might be mentally induced.
08-09-2021: it is such a weird feeling, which my ear is going through. i can hear out of it, there is just a strange pressure. i also feel something along the side of my head, but this gentle tingling is probably self-induced. i should do push-ups every like 10 minutes or so when i am working on the computer.  ahjie said i dont talk much. i do talk a little bit. but in many situations, i just dont have very many words to say.
08-09-2021: i nd 2 ask jackie when he is moving out. we shud align it up at the same time. that seems to be safest. 
08-09-2021: maybe the nerve endings of my ear are growing or something. it's possible that nothing happens in a week or two when it comes to your body. everything takes some time. i mean yes there is pressure, but it's not that painful. maybe i should get it checked out. but the most likely response is that it's not a big deal.  When you're young, you don't realize what a powerful inductive effect u have. there is immense harmonization btwn animals, and we as humans, are animals.  the parents at ps105 kind of believe in me. they kind of think i am the real deal. i shud not ask questions which i dont often do. i cannot betray the trust. i cannot go too far. i have to preserve for them a feeling of safety. the feeling that u r being taken care of, or the feeling that u r getting a gd deal. as much as i can, i want to preserve this feeling. i am giving an unique product, one that is hard to replicate. this means that they are at the mercy of the pricing. that means it cant be abused. if u dont believe it after seeing it for 2 months, then there is no chance. maybe the parents buy the pizza or no.  i reflected anh's feelings at the wedding. i was a negative source. i left early. man i feel great shame towards that memory.
08-09-2021: when i am awake, it takes some time, and then my body seems to stimulate whatever feeling in my ear. the feeling is REAL and insistent. but i dont feel it as much when i am walking outside or when i am playing basketball. it goes away when i touch it. it is just constantly there. im not going to die. there are other people with similar problems. there are people with problems much worse than my own. im not going to be okay. but im going to be fine, and slowly, i just have to adapt to this new normal. that is the only way to adapt with pain. u have to keep fighting.
08-09-2021: my system is not capable of writing complicated maths. But that is okay. For the most part, I am teaching younger students so this is not a terrible concern. what i do need to start however, is drawing bar graphs.
08-09-2021: how confusing it is to be chinese ... to be at the intersection of so many elements which aren't exactly lookig out for you.
08-09-2021: 'i know ur gonna miss us.' true. i do frequently wear my emotions on my face. As old folks, they need youth to keep them invigorated. The timings have been set. How many have gone thru these iterations? More than I can imagine. More than I can possibly imagine after all of these years. Each will be continually replaceable. Until you meet something or someone who isn't replaceable. But then, you settle for a shaping algorithm. No matter what, we adapt and keep adapting and keep adapting. Because we have to keep going.
08-09-2021: the grandma is a fierce anger force. the world does need people like this. this is how she can fight for her phenotype.  i can teach the math in a way that does not overlap combining the elements in an interesting story. everything will overlap and intersect.
08-09-2021: to adjust the difficulty to match the students. 3 dimensions threw john for a loop. he started zoning out. the difficulty surpassed his comfort level.
08-09-2021: a large part of learning mathematics is to have emotions tied to the process.
08-09-2021: do not overload with rules. administer rules, as they are necessary. dont go crazy on it. be reasonable.
08-09-2021: as you become american, you imbibe much of the american ethos, for better and for worse. it will change who you are, or shape who you are.  ahjie 962 has so much money, but where is the joyqm after all this, it is time for joy to enter the picture.  it is possible to maintain a distance even while being close. Perhaps, increase the number of pages.  Manual routine techniques aren't that important. They will get them as they get them.
08-09-2021: I don't think my face is numb. i think it's just my ear. i'm not imagining it. I can hear fine out of it. I really think it's just some sensory damage.
08-10-2021: so many things have to go right to produce something amazing.
08-10-2021: i cannot ask for an extension. i cannot ask for any extending favors. maybe it's the voice. something creates a disconnect between me and ahjie. Although we dont even exchange any words. There is a disconnect. like oil and water, if we have to interact, nothing good will come of it. trading friends for favors... i never wanted to do this.  the way of China will never change. It is forever, how things will be.
08-10-2021: often times, people will have a good rapport towards me, and then I pay it back without any feeling. This is my great mistkae.
08-10-2021: play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Ahjie presents a consistent reality to her grandchildren. She has stayed true to who she is, even if it doesn't match with me. I have to be really careful around people like Ahjie. My emotions can be very volatile. What I hear, and when I don't like it, it automatically starts to color me.
08-10-2021: the grandma has to stay true to herself. even on a happy day, she has to be who she is.
08-11-2021: suddenly, when i start thinking about making this pseudo model for where things are, the difficulty feels like it absolutely skyrockets. there is random spacing happen everywhere. which makes it hard to reason about. I have to work on Alan's stuff, which is the website. it will take some time.
08-11-2021: this is a dumbass story lol. It is something that probably cannot be reused. But it is part of how I do things. I guess it is important to me. To do this proprerly
08-11-2021: to have money ... and to constantly have an in-flow of money ... creates a feeling of safety. this is a feeling that lots of people don't have.
08-11-2021: i am a story Teller. This I am.
08-11-2021: function notation changes the student's perception of what a parentheses means. That's why it's kind of hard. But you can feed them a story to quickly recalibrate the perception.
08-12-2021: coco-cola has a truck the size of a small titan. everything in it can be uploaded at once.
08-12-2021: we are on the fifth iteration of trying to make an outdoor classroom. this time we use metallic easel to hold a card-board dry erase board. Additionally, we may try hanging it up horizontally.  some of the kids will try to smash on the cardboards.  showing emotions may be hard for young teenagers when they are in their stoic phase.  
08-13-2021: code toIterableShared passes into vt the k value. this is used as problemRef in preparemathanswer
08-13-2021: we like anime because we can escape into an place of idealism and idyllic peace. it's all about escape.
08-13-2021: a good math story doesnt feel tired.  i have to finish this stuff today, if i want to go play basketball tomorrow...
08-13-2021: code errorpoint tonumber because u may need  an int or an float
08-13-2021: when u give a gift, it has to be special, otherwise the gift is wasted. the cirrcumstances of the gift-giving matter just as much as the gift itelf.
08-13-2021: need a way of teaching whereby the attention is not placed on me.
08-14-2021: kids without knowing it or realizing it, are beholden to their caretakers. they have no choice but to assimilate. The caretaker models behavior and the children follow.
08-14-2021: when sitting in the circle, the students need a tangible activity. otherwise, it devolves into chaos. the students are cognizant of each other's abilities. they know what they're getting into.  i have not lost my credit card in a while.  when it is doubled spaced, basically it is its own entry.  Elements should be engaged 2 weeks in advance, which is right now. u have to do things 2 weeks in advance. Ask Ajie when the time is right. Sometime, between these 2 weeks. To ask for a time extension. It takes a few months to get to know someone and the patterns that they follow. After you develop that familiarity, you get to know both the good and the bad.  I sacrificed so many things in the past for personal gain or personal desire. I do not want to make these mistakes again.  my back hurt a bit yesterday, but today it feels okay. i mean it still aches, but it's not a terrible ache.
08-14-2021: tossed mentos and honey. the honey had been really really old and had a kind of spicy flavor to it.  mac and cheese isnt that helathy surprise surprise.  my ear is feeling much better now. i stopped thinking about it after my mom said those words to me. my remaining health issues are a weak chest, back pain, front chest ache, neck pain if i stretch my neck too far back, eyes, dust, messiness in the room.  not necessary yet t o buy the spray bottles. the heat isnt that bad, and the kids will be immature about it.  pmwb t o/to  taking on these dependencies of additional people into my small circle of life.  okay my ear has poked again with some pressure. weird. but ultimately, it is no longer as scary.  i need to get my hair cut tomorrow, or i need to prepare some questions for alan. theres no time to cut it tonight. it always feels like there is so much to do...
08-14-2021: it is incorrect to write progress reports because there is not enuf data. a progress report and a celebration has to be earned.


The way that I queried the custodial guy was perhaps not correct.
The way that i collected money was not correct.
Spilled water inside of my bag.
Have a hard time teaching Kaylee.

Aaron does not like to ask questions or admit mistakes. Therefore, don’t poke at it. Do not poke for absolute correctness.

08-14-2021: on the one hand, it needs to feel inspired. on the other hand, it needs to be easily reproduceable.
08-15-2021: today went absly horrible. alvin is influenced by Lucas. The kids just aren't capable of learning new things. Evangeline is actually pretty smart, and she has already learned a lot of this. they don't hear my voice when I talk. i cannot use these dirty ass boards anymore. They are an eyesore and they make a huge mess. the kids can also not share resources. Even at the same level, they cannot share questions. Everyone needs their own questions. they cannot have weaknesses demonstrated. they need to have the answer fed to them, or they need reassurance as to what the answer is. even with the chairs, they were unable to learn. without homework, it's like they forget what they're learning. the kids like the class, but at the same time, they can't really admit it. the kids will scribble on the boards. teaching poor kids is a lot like teaching rich kids. There are very similar biases. It's impossible. No chairs. They should not have chairs. They are just not aggregating. The information doesn't stick. They need a lot of warm-up. They need homework every day, to help them aggregate.
08-15-2021: kids need firm stability, or they act out. Anything that doesn't go according to plan, is a reason to act out.
08-16-2021: those at the bottom and those at the top are very similar. they live in realities which do not permit change. for  the poor, it is because they have no externalities which will facilitate growth. for the rich, it is because they are having everything so well, that any perturbance to the system may diminish their current extremely above average state. Therefore, any mistake becomes magnified. It becomes a type of attack upon their reality.  for some reason, teaching the fourth graders, we aggregate nothing. There is no forward improvement.  they need a super consistent routine, and they need a warm-up that is harmonized to the day's lesson.  slowly, alvin seems to be transforming before my eyes from a sweet child into a kid filled with scorn. It's like they want repetitive work. It's like they want nice and simple. Multiplication speed drills. Yes. this is necessary. And everyone needs a different level. it shouldn't be that hard to generate. generated in javascript yeah.  you have to respect the reality. just like jayden, alvin, jon, yangxi, they have a level, and they wont go too far beyond it.  tlog mch had a bad day with divison problems and me saying 'guys this really isnt that hard'. evang had a bad day too from mch not listening to her. students cannot teach each other. students cannot help each other.  guided handouts for divison. basically, to fill in the bubbles at the places.  bball has a consistent group of players. And that makes it fun. We know each other's tendencies. There is an element of predictability. 
08-16-2021: kids do want to learn. it's just that they often don't have the right structures in place to facilitate this learning.
08-16-2021: every class is a chance to build a moment of happiness. sometimes this is lost in the humdrum of trying to build 'achievements'  ive been doing a bad job, not being prepared and all.
08-16-2021: do not issue any challenges when teaching. if u find yourself saying the word 'easy', or 'hard', then youre prbly doing something wrong. fe, i did this with fractions and kaylee took the challenge and stopped focusing on class, to add the fractions together  the math problems have to be 'just hard enuf' and not go over the hardness threshold. this is a moving threshold.  you need to get a sneak peak at what student's are capable of before setting the limits of the difficulty. 
08-16-2021: children of poverty grow up in an entirely different world. As such, their expectations are completely different.
08-16-2021: newstdn 9176898902 hongpei
08-16-2021: stdn 704 763 2239
08-16-2021: as much as possible, advertisements, stories, everything should be context-agnostic. They should be reusable as needed.
08-16-2021: history bball 2019 benson yangxi lin kevin yong vincent vincent cindy xiaowan anthony edison darren jayden jonathan stanley jj alvin
08-16-2021: elo ratings start at 1000 points. PuzzleRush for math is completely possible. statistical analysis is also very possible, although not that necessary. you can pretty quickly see the levels once you spend some time with the students.
08-16-2021: go get a burrito... and also get your breaks fixed. put some socks on. but first do this bold thing.
08-16-2021: i havent worn headphones in some time, and I do need to take care of laundry.
08-16-2021: it's that i get stuck into the genjutsu in the evening and i don't leave, and then ahjie starts talking on the phone, and it's basically impossible to think. i have to leave at around 5pm, and my room being this gigantic mess doesnt help either.
08-17-2021: either it's easy or it's hard. there is nothing in between.
08-17-2021: kloe says that the program is so cheap because it's just for fun.  the rebellion of the 4th graders is happening because i am going beyond their ability levels.  no more cardboard for teaching. it is dirty, grungy, and looks like trash.
08-17-2021: 1t cant have the kids use dirty or grungy elements. No chairs. have to differentiate the homework.  dont say 'this is just for fun.'  dotn give any excuses or promises
08-17-2021: chain in order to get len for google apps, have to create the library.
08-17-2021: code i should follow the conventions of python when writing python.  getfunctions uses a double capture. for this reason, filtersearch does not work. filtersearch would only work on strings. this might be one reason to write in the requirement ala typescript that the item for filtersearch must be a string.
08-18-2021: i dont want to charge more money yet because the product is still lacking, and requires more time for experimentation. we do one more sweep at these prices. I am following my own pricing system. Which might not be the best idea. But I get to convey my priorities. A good product has to come first before the money. A differential assignment is necessary. Never price them out. One more season of a good deal. The deal will still be good, but it will start to change.  For the guests who like to watch, for the boys of this region, to keep things going... I should not make a direct approach. I should never speak to the kids. It has to be through the parents.  The kids in this region have a hard time for learning. Every region is based on every region. They will have their biases, and their assertions. There is a redeeming quality.  Be gentle with the price increases. Once the kids enter the system, it becomes harder to leave. The process of gaining students ... is hard. It starts with building an aggregation of predictability and trust. We do the same thing over and over. But at consectuveily harder degrees. Asking questions which will not show up on any tests. Some of the elements which I want to do are not ready yet.
08-18-2021: dont put thigns on top of your printer because it will cuase problems  dont sit for too long  dont leave things out. dont leave things out. dont leave things out.
08-18-2021: dont put yourself in a position where you have to say, 'i didnt bring enuf money' when u go shopping at grocery markets  a stye developed yesterday because i had been living in a pigstye. my room is much cleaner now. i thru away all the cardboard essentially. it wasnt working. the kids did not honor the markers or the boards... it was not worth the effort.  i need to make sure i know where the text files are ending up. to avoid having to redo alot of it. each should have a relevant title, or there should be a way of organizing it via python.
08-18-2021: for the average 4th grader, they are 10 years old, and it is only kind of important to learn math. There are much more important things to learn.
08-18-2021: in 4th grade, the kids don't yet have any number sense. they can not reason thru various ideas. Their fundamentals are still really weak.
08-18-2021: children convey their preferences, not by directly saying that they don't like something, but acting out. They act in accordance to a genjutsu of shared desire. They vibe with each other, on a level that adults do not understand. I don't want to be rejected by the students. I have to advertise to the parents. I have to listen to the words that aren't being said. The kids have a short memory.
08-19-2021: programming is about assembling shortcuts together to save yourself from having to do lots of work. It permits iteration at incredible scales.
08-19-2021: the feeling of a stable environment was lacking. For some reason, my classes always devol ve into chaos. There are so many things that I cannot predict.
08-19-2021: they dont like seeing their name in the assignments. This is kind of normal. There are reasons for it. it may be too far from what they're used to. If they want it, they will say it.  The feeling of progress. Comes like a storm. I dont need to give assurances. that's usually when things go badly.
08-19-2021: when things go poorly, that is when people will want to quit. Everything keeps changing around... 
08-19-2021: it feels like kids are much more coddled now. 
08-19-2021: 
08-19-2021: Do not try to force or coerce anything to happen. That means Kaylee doesn't have to help anyone. That means Alvin and Michelle don't have to do very hard problems. That means they don't have to show any respect. Did I show respect? Perhaps, there is an element of how I am doing things which doesn't show respect. If the questions are too hard.
08-20-2021: the most important thing is to reduce ego defense. I can prevent Aaron's mom from telling me to do something, by arriving early and setting up. Then, Aaron won't have to do anything. I can make sure Kaylee is only around her peer group.  The most important part of a child's upgrowth is school.  There will be actions that are going to make me mad. Find a way to prevent these avenues. My actions have consequences. They have to read a story together.
08-20-2021: there are many different ways to create string math expressions. But the crucial component is evaluating them.
08-20-2021: u cant read a string unless u encode to utf8.
08-20-2021: too many abstractions and you will forget what is going on.  If you only use the basic functionality, reportlib and fpdf are the same. But reportlab has additional tooling... so I believe it should be slightly stronger... 
08-20-2021: the actions have to fit the boundaries of what the kids are going to be comfortable with.  I don't have to use the tooling of reportlab. i can simply use its functional features.
08-20-2021: the emotions of the kids is kind of reset at times. Alan was trying his best. But I didn't do a good job.
08-20-2021: the kids need to have the assignments written out explicitly.  we have all had teachers before. we can tell, when a teacher is or isnt good. u will just know the depths that someone can touch.
08-20-2021: children are not efficient creatures at all. They meander forwards and backwards often without too much sense.
08-20-2021: The ability is far lower than anything I could've ever anticipated. I knew it to be low. But I didn't expect it to be this low. The kids do not absorb instructions in the context of a classroom. It's like when the teacher speaks, they do not absorb it.  The key will be online guidance. Alan needs regimented levels it appears. Or something of the sort. He doesn't aggregate on his own. But it seems like most are like this now.
08-20-2021: Everything is too hard.
08-21-2021: pages.storage will always be an even number so u dont need to check thru it
08-21-2021: children are unpredictably predictable. For better, and for worse.
08-21-2021: u live where u can do the type of work that u want to do. ultimately, what im doing doesnt aggregate anything in the slightest. the most important aggregation is people, and it's just not happening. there is a very small window, where the kids can become friends, and then it completely closes off.  I have to finish this stuff in the morning.  If I don't say anything, they won't ask. So I have to say something. I have to hand out 2 fliers, on 2 pieces of paper. The price will steadily and steadily increase. but only at certain predetermined intervals.
08-21-2021: a lack of gratitude, does make the work considerably harder. But it is also invigorating to see one student want to learn.
08-21-2021: the most important thing for the textobj is the one line that reaads, 'setattrs'
08-21-2021: my own fault for putting the kids into a bad position. They completely reflect off of me.
08-21-2021: as long as i do the most of what i can do to skew the odds, then that is all that I can do. Whatever happens next, is no longer in my control. I just have to do my part, and the rest will figure itself out. i can keep checking the text message, but nothing will have changed.
08-21-2021: if i go to play basketball, i have to play hard. i cant do this half-assed shit. i feel like im making so many mistakes.  i cant sleeep on a dirty ground. i need to wipe it down.
08-21-2021: the reason for the change is because it is not certain whether or not the doors will be open on sundays, and the weather is not certain either. This change will dramatically remove the ability of students to participate. They have more important matters to be doing. The way that I delivered the message may be wrong.
08-22-2021: fpdf.js does not need updateheight because the update occurs at the build. everything before then , should be pre configured.
08-22-2021: create schema takes an schematic which is used as the primary container. aditonally, it coms with args. first, everything is loaded, which calculates heights. then, we can run some organizeation functions to configure start and ending points. then we can build which populates / hdyrates the positions. then we export.
08-22-2021: the schema has a pos object running through it which will update the position as needed. it might actually be the most important part of everything
08-22-2021: raining today, forecast was correct
08-22-2021: the kids don't like the rambunctiousness at all. There needs to be a placement test. Also, the kids have to be in the same grade. Also, there needs to be more adult figures who can teach.
08-22-2021: a completely system agnostic system lets you do practically anything, as long as u have it configured within the schema. Everything has to precisely follow the schema.
08-22-2021: today i made this.strlen, printed out math assignments which probably wont be used for the 4th graders, wrote filemanager and did some work on the schema ... kind of, masturbated
08-22-2021: i am not the right teacher for these kids. the reality that i present is markedly different from what they experience. They cannot harmonize with what I present, and they cannot absorb what i say. the gap is too big. and im not very good at talking to parents. these kids aren't allowed to make any mistakes. every mistake carries grave consequences.
08-22-2021: tomorrow is monday, but it doesnt feel like it at all.
08-23-2021: everything has become signifiantly easier, in a time when technology is expanding at an exponential rate
08-23-2021: to think infinite messes can be handled, might not be correct at all. some things devolve into a bad state. people interact with me strangely. meh.
08-23-2021: what the kid feels is shame. the same is true of the 4th graders that i taught. they felt elements of shame for getting the question wrong. and then this memory sticks with them. it sticks perpetually. it has been a long time since a 'win' was touched. and that's why this happens. 
08-23-2021: i do hold some responsibility as well. i hold a lot of the responsibility. 
08-23-2021: will things get better? perhaps losses are not allowed to happen. once u start losing, the entire season becomes a wash. and u just need to change the coach. 
08-23-2021: words do not work in the slightest. only actions work. to unwind all of it. they cannot jump grades, unless u have the proper differentiation of homework. every land has every land's biases. Cannot make mistakes. Not even in the slightest. That is the bias of the east coast perhaps... or that is just the bias of everywhere. 
08-23-2021: if u dont have a plan, u will just be wasting time, doing bullshit. why are marines building a road and a school in another country? What if the Taliban are just taking back what was originally theirs?  Did i mess up by overestimating Alan's abilities? Did I mess up by ... doing this?  My efforts completely imploded. For some reason, the kids are unable to learn from me. But they are able to learn from each other. A game for him to play, from level 1, to level 100.
08-23-2021: i will do the trip on my terms. How is Alan taking calculus? How are the kids being shaped like this?  If it didn't work in Sunset Park, I really doubt it will work in any other place. Trying pointlessly is kind of futile. u can't hurt a kid's ego. that is the most important thing.
08-23-2021: when making alternative questions, everything should stay the same, only the numbers should change. how do i stop incurring disappointing results? it starts with my latennt aspect. my feeling that everything will be okay, and that u can do things whenever you want.
08-23-2021: after doing the problem, there should be instantaneous feedback. to suddenly feel the lack of cohesion, after so long. I can see the distance in front of you. But that is not the position to be in.
08-23-2021: a kid who doesn't like math ... being asked to grind at math ... lol. if i say anything, it will be interpreted wrongly. if i try to push anything, it will be lost in the haze.
08-23-2021: am i trying to find a way to teach whereby i am completely disconnected from the student? maybe.
08-23-2021: everything should be done thru the website. no idea of the level.
08-23-2021: when they disengage, do not say 'meishi.' simply say okay. and move on.
08-23-2021: when the stuff is spread out across multiple files, it can be hard to reason about. Especially when things are changing about. enter on keypress. and fast iteration. what have i been doing ... i did such a shitty job this summer. i did not charge enough money. that's how everyone is. do it again.
08-23-2021: the teaching has to be consistent. there has to be a logical story. u cannot jump over the places. u cannot assume the kids know anything to a deep level.
08-24-2021: any time I have to do things for the people close to me, it ends up like shit. @alexdo @andreihu @anhtran @cannie @ maylynn @tammy @tristan
08-24-2021: i was ultimately rejected by the land of sunset park.
08-24-2021: beans and rice is a pretty good combo. the key is to add onions and green onions to give it an additional burst of flavor.
08-24-2021: with me, the emotions start high, and then steadily and steadily, it keeps dropping lower and lower, until at last it is a negative emotion.
08-24-2021: im having a really bad time. i havent had this feelings for a very long time.  the feeling of the abyss that everything is going to end in horrible fashion. that i am doing everything wrong. when was the last time i had this feeling? who is this guy.
08-24-2021: it is kind of a cheap way of doing it, but it does work, to have these intermediate levels of replace.
08-25-2021: the way alan is acting is congruent with that of other children his age. in fact, his actions have been completely congruent. there has been nothing deviant about the way he does things. him zoning out, is what you would expect a kid to do. so i have to readjust my thinking. mistakes actually are not allowed. even the smallest mistake, begins this terrible slide.  i wanted the kids to feel freedom. but it feels like, they didn't want the freedom? No. They didnt realize what I was doing? No. It was just a bad concept. When the base of homework is not sturdy, the rest will not be sturdy either.
08-25-2021: alan is your typical kid. he has harmonized to the american phenotype. his actions, strangely, are good for the country as a whole.  by rejecting me, the students can preserve their reality. that is the most important thing. the preservation of reality. more important than learning, is the feeling of safety. without safety, nothing aggregates. the process of aggregation, comes at the start with a leeway. they will give u a chance. and then, it's over. 'i believe'
08-25-2021: i can't figure out how to parse this thing. i'm just not good at it.
08-25-2021: i spent all morning trying to figure out a solution for parsing the sat answers. and the conclusion i came up with is that it is too hard.  this entire generation of kids seems to have the life sucked out of them. To be a role model.
08-25-2021: alan 9am-11am
08-25-2021: tutoring went okay today, but not great. alan learned a little bit. but not really.
08-25-2021: deleted socket start bc im not really going to be doing it for awhile. hae transitioned back to web design on the back of not having any more teaching to do but hopegully i dont fall into old traps  mast today. no more.  need to be more efficient about what im doing.
08-27-2021: if evt is a hack that is not good, but if some things are hacks, that is okay.
08-27-2021: isfile still checks if the file has size zero... which is kinda a problem
08-27-2021: it is better to be horny then it is to be depressed
08-27-2021: stepped on computer cord and the computer fell flat on to the ground and has suffered some damage. it happened bc ive been feeling angsty. it happend because temperature is kind of hot. it happened bc i might not be happy living at 962 57. how much longer will this computer last? and how will i preserve it, and the files that are being worked with.
08-27-2021: i said before that i wudnt watch porn on the new computer that i bought. i said before, that id do yoga everyday, and brush my teeth. i said that this summer, i wouldnt be at home. i said that i wouldnt make the same mistakes. and yet, here i am, constantly making the same mistakes. constantly ... making the same mistakes, living in a pigsty... not talking to anyone ... pushing people away ... 
08-27-2021: the state of chinese people will forever be the way that we are. there is no escaping it. there is no changing it for those who are in it. but there is a chance, for those on the outside.
08-28-2021: raining again today. ugh. means no class. i guess i completely underestimated how much the rain could derail things based on how nice the weather was in 2019. it doesnt really matter if we did saturday or sunday for this year because the rain is still going to rain  i am not going to touch python image or audio or machine learning libraries. some things will simply go much faster by hand. u dont have to carve everything up programatically because sometimes it's just not worth the cost investment.  there are lots of libraries that dont actually need to be installed. the vue cli is kind of clunky and does not need to be installed. prettier doesnt actually need to be installed if u follow good coding patterns. it has unintended consequences at times and often reformats differently than how u might want it.  reportlab is actually superior to fpdf. it seems to support more fonts and it also seems to allow you to draw more nuanced shapes, polylines, triangles, wedges, scale and transformations.
08-28-2021: guide when the computer seems to be stalling or breaking, theres nothing u can do. the key will be to have prepared all the precautions in advnace. the heavy lifting has to be done in advance, for things to go smoothly.  reduce the number of locations to think about. trash/assets/08-22-2021, these folders should all be a single folder. you have to reduce the number of things to think about. there should not be multiple download folders. because that is also really confusing.
08-28-2021: math aexcbexc=aexcpbexcpcexc solve
08-28-2021: everything should be partitioned into sections. this will reduce redundancy. partitions and an efficient sorting method is the key to staying organized
08-28-2021: reduce the number of repos. dont make something until it materializes. reduce the number of shortcuts. shortcuts have to be evidently visible, otherwise they are kind of a cognitive load.  one of the difficutlies about css lies in that the elements interact with each other. u cant really abstract it down to just one element at a time. dont delete anything until everything is in place. also, the word 'temp' really needs to mean temp.  my outdoor learning program became complete shit. complete absolute shit. 
08-28-2021: delete repo backup somethingint, cull transfer
08-28-2021: when im inconsistent, everything becomes inconsistent. everything falls into shit.
08-28-2021: i should not be messing around with room numbers on socket. there are much more pressing things to be doing than this. it is annoying not having all of the stuff in a single file. u end up constantly searching for something. because ur not sure what is, or isn't a file.
08-28-2021: io is a group of sockets where as socket refers to the individual socket ucrrently being accessed by a user. whenever a user connects to the website, that is what triggers the io server for the connection callback. in this connection callback, aka the socket that is currently accessed via the connector, we have access as a ref to the socket, which is basically the id of the user. because we can get the socket via the id, but its much easier just to use the scoket object or class. every time a new user logs into the website, a new socket obj is pushed to the io store. when u do io.emit, that is emitting to everything. everyone and every id, every socket will see it. but u can also do selective emittance. if anyone can emit anything anytime, with full access, they might be able to change your page, when u dont want your page changed. therefore, u have to grant some sort of access for the full sharing to occur. io is the seerver - a colelction of socket instances and socket is the individual instance each time.
08-28-2021: the human animal craves a few things. freedom, stimulation, novelty, appreciation, joy, excitement, reciprocity, safety, shelter, acknowledgement.
08-28-2021: i could not have predicted how shitty the weather would be from 2 weeks ago. i could not have predicted that these past 2 weeks would continually be rain. i could have predicted that the large class size would cause problems. I coudl've predicted that the homework was going to be a huge problem. I could've predicted the way of using the boards is just not effective. I cudve predicted that this program was going to die like this. i cudve predcited the weather was going to be mildly agreeable. there were many predictable elements which i did not prepare for. i simply did not have a plan for how to handle it. there was no comraderie between the events. There was not ever a feeling of teamship, except the first few days.  do not say anything about a party, if it can be helped. because u dont know if it will happen. so many elements can be canceled. when doing things outdoors, u have to be super careful. the basketball program was different. somehow, there was much more comraderie. this program somehow had zero comraderie.  text messages have to be less than 1 screen. they have to be straight and simple and to the point.
08-29-2021: finished the satscrape project
08-30-2021: dropped my computer horribly a few days ago. and it wenth orribly. it's about the 3rd or 4th time that this has happened.  the last day went reasonably well. shduve brought soap before eating. shduve done the renewal process better. shudve called the pizza place faster. call them one hour early. the ability of a class seems to be connected to the highest performer in the class. this person magically sets the threshold and difficulty level of the class. he or she serves as the windbreaker.  cls nd always start with a warmup. this will get them into math mode.  a partition system is needed. some students have a hard time learning in groups. some students have to have very structured learning. i wonder how are you supposed to teach kayleyqm do u just completely change the environmentqm its nice when kids say 'i get it.'  the most imp thg is convenience, conveinence on the part of the tchr, the parents, and the students. if evthg is as comfortable as possible, then it will be good. reduce the friction as much as possible. reduce the inconsistencies.  mch said she didnt think her mom was going to sign up. kids are oddly cognizant. they get what is accepted, and that is all.  so many elements of chinese processes are oddly inefficient. other elemetns r very efficient.  nd a way to separate the processes, while at the same time, being together. Me and Cannie were friends. And now, we don't talk anymore.  the outdoor environment doesnt match strict learning. it shud be for games and problem solving. do the things that only the env can do. u cant have a scavenger hunt in a classroom, and u cant really run around.  build some sort of math obstacle course if that is possible. ask ppl how to build one. there has to be physical movement. yeah. yeah... ther has to be a feeling of evolution.
08-30-2021: the kids kind of believe in me. trust is created thru action.  i did certain things correctly. other parts, i didnt do correct at all.  i need to go to the park and do intense y oga in the evening
08-30-2021: i ended up not passing the fliers out for pizza. Which turned out fine. didnt actually need to do a flier. the priority right now is differential homework. dynamic homework. ideally color, but that isn't realstic right now.
08-30-2021: i feel lethargic and i'm not sure why. maybe it's the heat. maybe it's because i have to advertise, and i'm not advertising.
08-31-2021: do not write weird notes to alan about sat ninja warrior because it is just confusing. stick to the bare bones of what is going on. do not infuse emotion when it doesn't need to be infused. stick to what is important.  the scale of the ability has to grow vaster and vaster. it has to be a solid system, which is reproducable and useful in other scenarios. it has to be useful, for someone like Alan as well.  When the user gets a question wrong, the model should learn from it, and adapt the next question accordingly.  i went to advertise on 8th ave and it was a complete mess. 8th ave is nowhere to advertise. there are too many stray elements. u have to advertise in your neighborhood. if a mistake is never allowed, you will lose out on certain things. The kids harmonize to each other. They create a strange genjutsu. I did not give what I said I was going to give, but I still gave something.  Perhaps you wanted something on the first try, for 25 dollars. With what I had, I did okay. But not good. But kind of okay.  Some of the lines should be filler for the story math. But other lines, need to retain the essence.
08-31-2021: it is so hard to make money when there isn't any money in circulation. There are basically no jobs available, except for the jobs on the bottom.
09-01-2021: When you have a product, that is when u can ask Justin. But before then, you can't.   I can't share anything about success because that will affect ml as well.
09-01-2021: any json which gets saved to the drivestore should be counted as finalized
09-01-2021: my ear is acting up again.  chinese people operate from impossible systems.  if u do not play it the chinese way, u r in for some trouble. so many aspects are insanely difficult, when u approach from the outside. cole never really laughed that much. that is one of the way poverty gets you.
09-02-2021: find a way to express the phenotype of success without having to poke at it.  the kids instinctively know what they like and dislike. they don't want to have to compete with each other. they didnt want to have to feel like one side is or isn't better. it manifested on their faces immediately. all of them with a momentary downcast look.  bay ridge is all suburbs. it is a place for established people to live. there is much less renting
09-02-2021: people dont do styling because it is not convenient. It is not accessible. It requires a lot of loops.
09-02-2021: after a brilliant wash of rain, the earth seems cleaner and fresher.
09-02-2021: there isnt time to mess around. today is thursday. and i am leaving tomorrow. a jug for milk. is needed. multiple  botttles. bring a fork. bring a hat. bring sunscreen. wash out the earbuds. bring an apple keyboard. do some pushups. bring underwear and socks. do laundry. pack the water on saturday morning at 5am. 
09-02-2021: weather becoming good. my fingers are dry today.  the mistake that i made was of the departure. i did not show the proper respect to the parents. also, the text message that i sent was way too long. one idea per text message. no emojis. keep group messages to a minimum. keep everything on an individual basis. The parents have to have the specialization as much as the students.
09-02-2021: i saw the movie gladiator and a part of me is always going to be shaped by it. you have to make something that creates freedom. Something which shows a path of self-clearance. Something which has kindness. Something which is extendable. Something which shows new roads are possible. Something which alights on the intangible elements.  Something which does not hold expectations.  When the weather is good, your luck improves. when your eyes are clear, you will see things as they are. when your heart is full, it engages the animal resonance of a creature fighting to express a phenotype. it infects action and touches those around you.
09-02-2021: soon, the kids will be learning some math in school.  the way to teach math, is as a gentle ocean wave. each time the wave push a little bit further, and dredges some additional elements.  of all the subjects that students learn, math and english are the only subjects that begin at age 6 and go all the way through until they're 18. kids can feel the ability of the teacher.  one day, I will be betrayed. whatever that means.  u never know when the program will die. in order to fight for this phenotype, everything has to be on a completely different level.  i dont always state my intentions. but often times, my intentions can be inferred. they can be felt. therefore, the intentions have resonance.  one of the keys to a relationship is having something between the two of you that others do not have. therefore, polygamy completely goes against this formula.  there will never be any extension between my work and the future of the kids.  they will have to be prepared for the tests. These tests are what they consider as important.  Suddenly, these kids have access to an ally and the ability is hard to ascertain.  i shouldnt have said 'my favorite way.'  every question can be turned into a percentages question.  as good as things might go, u have to steep in the reality, that it can all fall to pieces.  Learning which is fun. 'Have fun and grow strong.'  i can never interfere in theire reality. i am a NPC. a non-player character. although i am playing, it is just a game of a different realm.  strength which flows forward.  When the website comes out, it needs to have everyone. Everyone who touched it. Everyone's name needs to be there. Yes. Today I will go to advertise. They will see my weakness. And that is 100% fine. It wont be fun. But the program has to grow, and it will only grow if the input energy surpasses the threshold.  this is how you start a school. by starting from the very bottom, and trying to get students to join.  their success will also reflect to me. But that is not something that I can ever mention. Not to them, and not to the parents.  If I don't speak my intentions, that means my intentions will have to be inferred.
09-02-2021: children absorb good and evil from their surroundings. they absorb everything. the excellent. and the degraded. something has to be so good, that it redefines the existing structure. that's what google and amazon did.
09-02-2021: the journey of a gladiator ... but ultimately Rome went forward.  the creation of clans. those in power must be in service to those who give belief. That is the only way forward. Planting trees 20 years in advance. Planting math ideas. Joy for the process is a protective element. It protects the teacher. as much as students need protection, so too, do the teachers. Parental observance is required. protection for respect. it's not gaurenteed that there will be respect. respect comes out of action. you can take nothing for granted... absly nothing. that's when the elements begin falling apart.
09-02-2021: just like my mom ... we always wanted to have a good self-image.
09-02-2021: i dont really want to interact with ahjie for some reason. I don't want to reply to her text message with a thumbs up. I don't want to. I seem to have put up a wall.
09-02-2021: students will feel when someone is for them. Students will feel when the learning is good for them. Mixing the classes didn't really work at all. Which means the work has to be differentiated.
09-02-2021: the second iteration will have a new set of problems. but if the students can be given differential assignments, if each student can feel satisfied that they are making progress, then I think there will be a chance.  reduce conditionals as much as possible.
09-03-2021: i wrote long ago, that i would be a conduit to the future. those words are coming true. but there is a very long distance to go.
09-08-2021: as long as u have health, u can continue fighting. but without health, it all starts to fade away. everything depends on how you feel. need some time to charge up the energy.
09-08-2021: frequently, we will feel undeserving of love, for this or that reason. but it's not true. the gut instinct is simply not true.
09-08-2021: the elements of clowning have to be very reduced. they are great as a subtle flavor, but only that.
09-08-2021: the feeling that we have to earn out dues. the feeling that before we can enjoy life, we have to do certain things, accomplish certain things.
09-08-2021: i feel super sleepy working in this temperature. it is hard to concentrate.
09-09-2021: this tagging system also permits other applications. It gives a way of tagging the elements.
09-09-2021: something feels wrong. something feels really wrong, and i'm not sure what it is. Perhaps, I need to buy up the equipments which I am missing. perhaps I need to call home. perhaps i need to eat meat. i defly need to not look at porn. i will die.
09-09-2021: alan 9 to 10
09-09-2021: ive been looking at porn lately but i cant do it. it will kill me.
09-09-2021: the actions that we take have to push with strength.  class arrangements have to be random choice. this to avoid the hand of god syndrome. take care of the elements one by one.  my bike tire popped and i do not know why. maybe it had too much air in it.  my computer is going to die soon. what am i going to do about this?
09-09-2021: no busy work at all. they don't do any busy work.
09-11-2021: the bad part is my handwriting. The bad part is that they're not learning quickly enough. There is a lot of wasted time. Where I'm not sure what is going on. Maybe also, there is the effect of shadows. Somehow, there is a nefarious feeling of something that has gone wrong. Part of it is my voice. There is no power behind it. Part of it is definitely this aspect.
09-13-2021: if the font is too small to read, it will not be comfortable at all.  alan constantly needs a push to do his work. not his fault. just how things shaped out.  for some reason, Elina never seems to be paying attention. She never actually looks at the board or me. It is kind of disconcerting.  i cannot go talk to the kids at basketball from 9am to 11am.  no more explanations. no more sharing knowledge or information. no more me writing on the board, which doesn't seem to work. Only one student seems to actually gain information when I write on the board. Everyone else, is completely zoned out. This didn't use to happen.  unless homework is custom, everyone needs the same homework.  always feed an answer. do not have too many twists and turns. keep the process transparent.  if it is this hard for me, with 5 students, I can't imagine how the teachers teach with 20 students. Soon, as they hit high school, they will have to start riding the subway into the city to go to school. The time riding the subway is a very real investment and loss. It is completely wasted time.  In the end, I gave up on teaching basketball, or pound town or strategies or layups. they didnt want to learn. i encountered only 1 student who wanted to learn. Andy.  Even looking at John, Ben, the girls at EMC, it is the outlier who wants to learn. Most of the time, what is wanted is some sort of gratification. Feeling like you're learning or feeling like you're earning points.  Not everyone can reach the higher levels because not everyone starts at the same level.  Lynn's eyes go dead when she looks at adults. But to her friends, her eyes lighten up. Anything that happens once, happens twice. It is very possible that there is a strong bias AGAINST having a Chinese teacher here.  I need to teach to the point whereby they never ask me a school question b/c it will be something that they have already seen.
09-13-2021: it's possible that my experience is an outlier. That what I experienced, was in the shallow deps for those who have touched it.  The presentation of information matters. Textbooks are too dense in information.  Those who knew u at the start, will keep you humble. It will never be 100% of a class that likes you. Although in rare occassions, there was 100%.  The students have to feel that the teacher is invested, in order to properly learn. i am demonstrating investment thru writing. if i am doing the best that i can do, then that is good enough for now.  they should not face the teacher. they should face each other.  There's something about the water here that prevents the kids from learning. Maybe everything becomes reading based. They will hear the lesson from each other.  never ask them to go beyond their comfort levels. based on the way of their upbringing, to venture in that direction, has always had consequences.  I should give based on difficulty. Some things, should not be random. the randomness needs to have a method to the chaos. it has to be a controlled hurricane.
09-13-2021: the way of poverty is that you cannot do things properly. Everything is rushed. Everything seems to stay on the lower level. It's like there is a literal class difference. There is no sense of self in the kids. They don't have things that they like. They only have things that they dislike. This was not just true for these kids, but true for the EMC students as well. Perhaps, I am too forcefully pushing a phenotype which will never manifest. My phenotype is not one which generates money. My phenotype, currently, doesn't promote survival. So I should not push my phenotype. Rather, I should find a compromise between my phenotype, and  what they're used to. You usually only get one chance to do it correctly. So it is rather out of the ordinary, that I am getting a second chance.  the path of least resistance, when you are young, is the fastest path possible. as you get older, the path diverges.
09-13-2021: On the first pass, maybe 20% of the students will fully understand it. Students like Jayden and Elina are going to read it, and not understand. That's why the answer feed has to be there. Even if they don't understand, they won't lose face. Everything in the end, is about face. That is why I am getting recoil effects. In some aspects, I am not delivering the face that they seek or that they're accustomed to. I might never do this. You might not get a singular leader. They will be reluctant to accept me. But I believe it. Overwhelming quality changes everything.
09-13-2021: w there is a chance of rain this saturday it says. But from my experience, it has always cleared up. It also says this thursday and friday will have lightning. But that is also rarely in the morning. We will see.
09-13-2021: questions need tags. there needs to be a way to merge them together to have a comprehensive library of items. A way to seamlessly grab questions in.  i guess i didnt believe in the public schools to have a discourse with me. but there has to be discourse. i am a professional teacher, in everything but name. I think there are multiple ways of conveying information. The process of learning is to absorb some of what the teacher is preaching.  every teacher, with his or her own style, and students have to adapt to the expectations. As long as the expectations do not break their core elements, the student will adapt. That may be my problem then. My expectations go against the core elements. It would be like if I taught Iranian students to see women as 100% equal. It would go against core elements. It would go against the unspoken mandates of the parents. It would start to hint of a political flavor. I don't know why they all decided to cancel it out. Well I kind of do. Perhaps, I did not pay the proper homage to the parents. But I have a small second chance.
09-13-2021: I really think any student can do anything which is 2 steps away. Brae was able to do it. Even Mark was able to do it. If the right scaffolds are in place, anyone can do it. It might take a little bit of effort, but it is doable.  The sparking of a relation between Aaron and Elina. Is going to cause certain problems. But there are ways to offset the problems.  I disagree with what my dad said. There most definitely is a market. I am not capitalizing on it... but there most certainly is a market. An equilibrium between what can be considered fair and what can be considered a good deal.
09-13-2021: the students are not good at explaining. It feels super uncomfortable to explain. there is also the status quo that you have to be rebellious. avoid uncomfortable feelings. what i am experiencing with ps105teaching, is very similar to what i am experiencing with Alan. Perhaps, that is what characterizes this entire generation. The learning has to be much softer. Mistakes have to be hidden.
09-13-2021: student intelligence fluctuates based on their mood and more specifically, on the mood of the environment, and the people around them, and the assignment that they're given. They are largely an open system.
09-13-2021: we are going to have considerable cloudiness this saturday.
09-13-2021: there has to be a constant element of review, learn new things, review, and then learn new things. Most students don't want to ask questions because they're afraid of seeming a certain way. For question-based teachers, this can make the teaching extremely hard.
09-13-2021: it is so hot. I keep wanting to fall asleep. At the same time, if I go to the park, I am like 100% sure, that I won't be productive. I feel like I need AC. Do I ask?
09-13-2021: you might want similar questions at the same level. Like all easy. Or you might want a progression. Any question with a small twist or turn falls into this unpredictability.
09-13-2021: there is a feeling that the kids don't respect the process. I think this time, it ends. There isn't any respect. But if the kids want to learn, then we keep learning. They are responding to me, even if I don't notice it.
09-13-2021: Everything has a cost. It may not seem like I am a good teacher right now. But once I figure it out, it will get better. The elements keep changing.
09-13-2021: So many different types of questions to write.
09-13-2021: The kids follow the teacher. Usually, when they copy the good traits, it isn't easily seen. But when they copy the bad traits, it is extremely evident. That's just how it goes.
09-13-2021: I have to become more strict. I am not providing any boundaries, and it is going poorly. I have to create boundaries the way that I can create them. With writing.
09-13-2021: in the end, the problem was me. the utter lack of boundaries, the same chaos as at the Smith School. The technological advancements. weren't ready. The feelings were not good feelings. You feel like it will get better. But it's not getting better.
09-13-2021: before you can have the fun elements, you need to have the practical elements. Finding a doable difficulty.
09-13-2021: never give that unsolicited reassurance.
09-14-2021: alan has a way of doing math, which he sticks to. The refusal to change anything. Is also an advantage. It is good for survival, but it is not good for learning. Alan has Alan's way of doing math. That is just something which you have to accept lol. You cannot go against the way of the country. You cannot go against accepted pathways. It is basically a test, but it doesn't say test on it. My ability to teach a class outdoors, is severely hampered by all the distractions. Also, it's not really my style.  I think the students might feel a little insecure. It is possible, that what I'm teaching is ... reducing their confidence.  It's possible to shape the dialogue in such a way that it doesn't even say dialogue. All it says is the question.  the end goal is to increase the student's confidence. But somehow, my actions don't seem to be doing that. Reduce the need for them to talk. For some reason, teaching outdoors, isn't that effective for the teacher to teach as a traditional teacher. Add levels to the worksheets. That means I need to pre-grade them, and perhaps apply some judgements. For example, what is level 1, or what is level 2, et cetera. Each student, a different assignment. There is enough to do it this way. Later, it can be done dynamically. I still haven't yet got the fractions or exponents really working at all.
09-14-2021: do not say the word 'louder.' do not give any commands.  i feel like, i am still getting warmed up. As I figure out how to teach outside. my feelings are pretty accurate. when I don't like it, the kids don't like it.  for some reason, the energy gets riled up around me.  an accurate assessment of their abilities, is 75% of what I think they can do.  I don't seem to say anything about performance, but I do give reassuring words. Start every math assignment with a quote. No. Not every assignment. There needs to be randomness built in.  When I teach, Elina seems to absorb nothing, in the exact same way, the young kids absorbed nothing. What a weird feeling that was.  How do you teach a student who will always blocks out what the teacher is saying? I have no idea. But it's basically really hard. When you feel the poke, you can face it, and absorb it, and accept it for what it is. Don't assimilate it. For some reason, these kids just don't learn. It must be tied to me.  I have this problem, where it feels like, I am no longer effective, at teaching a group of students. The difficulties of teaching ... the mistakes must be on me. Zero commands. They have high demands, the students. He doesn't teach. He just gives us a pieces of paper to read.  Do not ask for explanations. Do not ask for anything which is uncomfortable. Different ways of conveying the correct answer. You have to shape the service to the land. The service should lean towards easy, with gateways, if they are desired, that point to harder aspects. They really do echo off of my behavior and attitude. The subliminal hatred that we have for those older than us. Who might try and punk us. Even when the game is completely lost, you can still put on a brilliant performance. There is always a chance to ignite on fire.
09-14-2021: I dont need to tell them to share answers. I can just tell them that everyone has the same answers. The question is different, but the answer is the same. Giving what I am giving - nothing will be given back. You have to accept that this is how it goes. Nothing will be given back. As Mr. Li put it, 'They don't like you.' That sucks. But you just have to accept it. That you won't always get students who like you. You cannot even begin to imagine what they probably have to go thorugh at home. You have no idea what it feels like to grow up here. To feel like you have an understndingddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
09-14-2021: i do not know what the kids go thru.  The only think I am absolutely positive about is that you should be more rigorous and strict while being kind. There are multiple ways of acheving discipline ina class.
09-14-2021: students like Elina have to navigate incredibly difficult waters. All of them have to navigate extremely difficult waters. More and more, it feels like all of the students, are just like Jon and Ben. What I thought was the outlier, appears to be the norm. There will be very little respect. But that is not their fault. I did not perhaps show them the way of Chinese singular loyalty. Perhaps I am 'controlling' or giving commands, the very things I didn't want to do, by having them read these stories.  I do not want them to bring me questions from school. The way to avoid this will be to give them the questions that they will encounter. Give it 1 week in advance. That will work. I do not want to answer their school questions, but if they ask me, then I suppose I will have to respond to it.  Students make preventable mistakes when they are in unfamiliar waters. They kind of panic for a moment, and then make the mistake which you think they know better than to make.
09-14-2021: Critical thinking wasn't always emphasized in America. That's just how it shakes down.  If you have to prompt a student for the answer, then something has already gone wrong. It should be the structure in place, which creates these responses.
09-14-2021: I think the idea is correct. To separate the presentation of the data, from the view. It's how Vue does it. It's how it can all occur.
09-15-2021: dont write anything that could be construed as offensive or taking away from their personal rights. dont try to coerce any behavior. it is super hard to dig yourself out ofa  hole, once you have enterd the hole. it takes like 10x more energy.
09-15-2021: everything is backwards in the lands of poverty. Backwards in my eyes. But not in theirs. You might pay 1000s of dollars for what is being offered for 50 dollars.  It is fascinating to me, that my way, which I thought of as being the best way, is wrong. Other teachers will be able to do things which I cannot. I will be able to do things, which other teachers cannot. Balanced, as all things are.
09-15-2021: for some reason, it feels much harder doing it like this. It feels a lot more abstract. You have to know what you're doing, when making this platypus system.
09-15-2021: i am taking a drastically different path from the accepted paths. But I believe my paths have potential. And other people believe it too. I just have to start producing. I need to get these things done.  i am moving out at the end of this month. My relationship with Ahjie and Ahge here have completely dissolved. None of their fault. It started okay. And then it devolved. The lesson that I am taking away is that I have to remain completely neutral. Show nothing positive, and nothing negative. Also, stay in my space more. Also, reduce communications to a minimum.  My path, it seems, will never yield victory. But  I think along the way of taking it, people will see some nice things.
09-15-2021: I haven't been brushing my teeth and this has been having a very big effect on me. Tonight, I have to start looking for a place to live.
09-15-2021: I have to sleep properly with a clean bed, clean ground et cetera, or else bad things will happen.  I need to clean out my ears, I need to do pushups. All of it.
09-15-2021: configure the steps of the transformation, one at a time. Each step building on the previous step. Doing these things is doable.
09-15-2021: can not help the students one on one because they might feel like Ben did - the feeling of being probed or attacked.  can not split them up across far distances because that goes against everything the class is about. Cannot have them do too much solo work because that is also kind of boring. yes, have to have them sit in a circle, and read together. that is what I'm creating right now. A system to be able to put this PDF stuff onto paper. There is a purpose to it.  tonight I have to start going out to look for places to live.
09-15-2021: the most important thing is money, and practical improvement. I can do them at practical improvement. I can do practical improvement. Again, it will be about finding the right balance between the two hemispheres. On the one hand, practical improvement is not very fun. On the other hand, having fun, gives a feeling of wasting time. There is also the sense that, these kids don't want to learn from me. Which, has some merits. I might now be hedging too much on the easy side.  It is safe to assume, that you can always start at a lower level, and slowly work your way up. I have stereotypically, always slanted towards hardness. Part of the reason is to keep students humble? Part of the reason is to challenge them. But from what I am experiencing, over and over, and over again, is that the hardness has to slant towards easy.
09-15-2021: the insecurity that the student feels is tied to his or her performance. For some reason, Elina is just never happy. That means it is too hard.
09-16-2021: it is much easier to go forwards than to go backwards.
09-16-2021: math is boring to learn when it is repetitive. The student does the same thing over and over, without much gain. 
09-16-2021: if u have to convince  the student that 'this is going to be good for you even though it is boring', that is not going to be correct.
09-16-2021: There has to be a feeling that something is a limited resource. That is how the resource becomes precious.
09-16-2021: I dont understand these AST parsers at all. How they achieved their magic...
09-16-2021: c doubletemplater is an inferior version of mathmaker
09-16-2021: i think my feeling that the teacher doesnt necessarily need to write and talk to a class to teach, is somewhat flawed. the teachre has to do it in a way that feels like he or she is paying attention to the needs of the students.
09-16-2021: c QuestionGenerator and medley and randomTemplate ... 
09-16-2021: c transfered all of b.js to classroom.js ... which means it shouldnt be touchced anymore.
09-16-2021: smartness is a lot like the trend that Andrew followed. It starts off slow, but slowly, it hits a crescendo, and starts to increase.  effort should not appear too obvious. It should have a feeling of easiness to it. For some reason, this is important.
09-16-2021: at the end of a session, I should log everything that happened into a json file. or perhaps just into these notes. it should tally up the new functions that now exist, and move the scraps and leftovers to the archive. The archive should be datestamped and u should be able to run the functions there as well .... or not.
09-16-2021: nerdamer is an amazing library. It has pretty much the solving ability to cover all of youth mathematics. But it can also do some calculus. While all of this is good, there is a problem with dynamic computer math, and that is predictability. Students will sense when something has been hammed. What gets generated needs to feel like it has been made authentically. Hand-crafted awe.  My classes have zero discipline. I have never given good boundaries for discipline. Not in a single class. I suppose, it's not how I approach teaching. Yes, some students really need firm discipline. They have to know where the boundaries are.  From the very get go, I did not portray a typical strength, I did not teach with any sense of urgency and I was not very 'hard' in my mannerisms. Did I try to not have a presence? I don't know.  what is the main problem? perhaps my teaching aura fluctuates. perhaps ... i'm not taken that seriously. perhaps the structure is all over the place. you have to operate from a place where you dont know what the student knows, while at the same time, giving them work that they can do at a comfortable level. Sometimes I do a good job. Sometimes I pull out something kind of interesting. Most of the time, I am kind of floundering.
09-16-2021: c not exactly sure what mathBackwards is for... But its for something.  i do need to turn my computer off at night.  i believe i made some progress tonight, although I am not exactly sure.  c i got g.medley working. i started to understand numbergen a bit better. i fixed counted. i wrote anytest which tests if the string has any part of the escaped regex. i got a bit closer on writing a formatter for nerdamer's output.  the eventlistener for the generator should not be tied to eventEmitter because if that were the case, practically anything can be colored by the flavor of eventEmitter. i am pretty sure the eventcontroller should be separate.  i need to consolidate all of the different elements. there is a lot of redundancy and im often writing the same thing over and over because i dont remember where i put the previous thing.
09-16-2021: so much of coding is writing notes to yourself so that you remember what is and isnt happening.  another aspect of coding is keeping things from being too convoluted. any time there are an exessive amount of regexes, it's a sign taht ur probably trying to hack something together.  i need to have a monthly review of files. i need to get the google thing for alan working. somehow, i was supposed to get both the website and the math pdf working. instead, i got nerdamer and mathjs working, as well as dealing with fractions.
09-16-2021: the aspect of the classroom is that it has to feel special. u also have to feel protected and not judged, and safe. my classroom doesnt currently have these elements. There isn't very much energy. But at least, there are zero comparisons.  The worksheets that they are going to need are 
09-17-2021: @load the reason schema doesnt consume immediately is so things can be modified before it happens
09-17-2021: kids need diversity in what happens. u cant just submerge them with fun or worksheets. it has to be balanced with a chaoticness that is also clean
09-17-2021: these parents do not exactly know how to calculate me. all they know is that i don't talk very much. the students have established a pattern that you might read something strange. Every now and then.  everything that I'm doing can get much better. it is just going to take some time.
09-17-2021: kids do not follow what is good for themselves. they follow what the environment gives them. Somehow the environment that I provide, is never that sturdy. Somehow, I am all the way behind again.
09-17-2021: not my age, not my whereabouts not my profession not anything was known. a person without a name, came along to teach. i still have more to show. it keeps improving to the point where it redefines the scale of quality. that is kind of the requirement.
09-17-2021: once the students learn hatred towards the students, it lasts forever basically. kids do not realize how they're transformed. that soon, puberty hits, and the personality starts to quickly crystallize. when there is no respect when you're young, it carries over.  The same patterns are playing out over and over again. It will take time to adjust these patterns.
09-17-2021: kids have leaky brains. this might let them aggregate information more accurately because anything that isn't strong, they tend to forget.
09-17-2021: a way to teach multiple classes at once. Or something similar. Is kind of necessary.  my chest seems to consistently crack in the front now.  my ears are starting that strange numbing pressure again. it is absly correlated to my use of headphones.  it is hard to do work when there is the sound of distractions nearby.  I don't bring out the best in toher people. (Sometimes) But sometimes I do. But a lot of the time I dont
09-17-2021: alan tmrw 230 4
09-17-2021: do alanTutoringParser alanCheckSATAnswersParser
09-17-2021: always behind ... always behind ... this schema system completely separates the view and  the data for createing PDFS. It creates a predictable system for styling the stuff. It is just a little bit hard to implement currently.
09-17-2021: the feeling in my eyes is kind of uncomfortable .  again, it feels like i have reached the end of the line with my actions.  i am out of time once again for creating the resources for the students.
09-17-2021: the top starting point for top is variable. It can even change after some time. Thus, I dont think it is necessary to give info for the top part. It will be delivered later, based on this.pos
09-17-2021: all of the shapes are extremely similar. they will use many of the same props and methods. only a few things will differ here and three. thus, they fit the bill for being used  with hiearchy
09-17-2021: it is hard to teach when there is zero feedback. my feeling is that Aaron and Elina and Kaylee basically haven't improved at all. like nothing... There is no binding element of a common team. And I suppose that can be attributed to me.
09-20-2021: it's not easy to live in the shadow of the father. When you become the master of a realm, it can be hard for the kids to rise above.  The lives of Levi, Kai, and Jet Bent-Lee. 'affluent life style.' Not easy. With all the money in the world, it's still not easy. You may have money. But you lose some power. Personal power. The power to touch your own destiny. Perhaps, it's that the father's name became so big.  I said bye to the boys with a cat picture. this was correct. I gave a fist bump to the boys. this was correct. i waved bye to the dad. also correct.  when talking to mom on the phone, we need a tangible subject; otherwise it drifts into negativity and I basically go passive just saying 'mmm.' If the Chinese have a curse, it is our perpetual focus on negativity.  i have been feeling kind of weird, today, and yesterday. Basically not active at all.  i cant ask justinyan for help. the rule is you have to have 3 meets before you can have an ask. a meet is defined as a pleasant conversation or meal. thi
09-20-2021: i am wasting a lot of paper by opening the carton of paper, and using it as scrap paper.
09-20-2021: moving at the end of the month
09-20-2021: dont write motivational quotes to alan, that is directly to him. You can do cat pictures and the like. They have to be there. They just can't be completely directed at him.
09-20-2021: parents cannot be blamed in the slightest. for the way they raise their child, is how they themselves were raised. we are all actors, in this cosmic story of human civilization. we each play a role.
09-20-2021: it is easy to make the husband a stock character and to make fun of the english ... there is a lot wrong. you cant create stock characters. u cant create low velocity scripts. You cant falsify.
09-20-2021: my gut instinct says romance, relationships et cetera, are a very dangerous topic to write about. it goes beyond the realm of safe.
09-20-2021: a long time ago, I said I wouldn't be writing these stories anymore. My stories sometimes have a tired feeling to them. Perhaps, it's because they lack the impetus of characters whom I know. I can't write stories. But I can write scripts. The way of disrespect from these students, is not ideal. But it's not my place to correct their behavior. To be in the throes of poverty, respect is always lacking. That was their fate from the very beginning. This story isn't looking so good. It feels tired and uninspired. If you dwell on the disrespect, then of course, it will kind of bother you. If you make excuses for the disrespect, it may kind of cheapen you. If you ignore the disrespect, you may normalize it. In my opinion, the way these kids talk is completely wrong. They're not supposed to talk the way that they kind of talk.  But is it their fault? Is it their fault for this environment? For the station and environment that they have been born into? This is not their fault. Nothing can be said to be their fault. But one day, they will become parents, and then the chain will continue.
09-20-2021: basically, if i am unable to make money, if i am unable to survive off of my labor, then my labor is not sustainable in the slightest, and it is just a pipe dream.
09-20-2021: levi and kai bent-lee do not look Chinese in the slightest. The boys did not see much of their parents, growing up. Which, then is probably true for lots of the kids here. Their parents are off somewhere, working as hard as they can, to make some money.  I will make it so that secretly, these stories of math and english are the answer. they will satisfy multiple elements.
09-20-2021: the feeling that lives in our hearts, always stays. It stays through everything. Am I making the best assignments that I can be making right now? No. They can be much better. They can be much cleaner, and much better. They can be much more timely.  When I listen to Endless Love - the Myth, my mind often drifts back to Keeley. it always drifts right back to Keeley. Back then, I was thinking of when I was 30, she would be 20. Well I am 31 now, soon to be 32. But our paths, were not meant to cross again. The feeling of infinity. It really was a special feeling. One that I have not felt, ever since. That is what I can do. I can put the feeling of infinity into the things that I create. The feeling that this only happens once. That this only gets one chance to happen. I am not mad that they don't want to keep the texts that I write. They have to rebel. They don't want to be controlled. This is the only way which I presently know how to teach. To have them read, and absorb some things.  Kids won't help each other. This isn't something to lament. It's something to celebrate if it does happen. I miss feeling respect? If that is how they treat me, I have no idea how they treat their actual teachers. They treat me the way they treat me, because they don't have any reference point. They don't really see how other students treat me.  To be happy. Even when you are at a loss. Another way of looking at it, is the unconscious disrespect is being filtered out. Solve for the missing variable. No online program. But have it available. What is not shared now, is due to the ravaging nature of poverty. That those in poverty, have nothing. And thus, altruism, becomes extremely costly and debilitating. But one day, they will grow up. Their minds will blossom. Even with money, you lose out on some other aspects. If everything is about money, it may narrow what you see.
09-21-2021: students can feel the intent of the teacher. the energies that guide within - the students can feel them, the same way animals can feel it. when a teacher is prepared, the intent will be felt.  when everyone is treated equally, it creates a safe and reliable feeling.
09-21-2021: eat more oranges
09-21-2021: I gain something too from this process. An artist needs paper, and a teacher needs students to hone the craft.  Cannot give too much of the same stuff. There has to be a revolving door of different materials. The parents will want the kids to take a test. When they take the test, it has to be a sublime experience. It has to feel like a culmination of their hard work. A feeling that they worked for something, and got something positive from it.
09-21-2021: the students kind of have to accept my phenotype because they don't really have any othre choice. Therefore, don't have them read anything which is too annoying or too personal.
09-21-2021: I have no idea what their home lifes look like. I have no idea for their struggles and problems. The only thing I can control is to provide a fun class.
09-21-2021: they're not supposed to remember from the previous lessons. If they do remember, then that is a plus. Otherwise, it's not that big of a deal.
09-21-2021: the main positioner should not touch the aspect of changing for parentheses. I feel pretty strongly about this.  For the most part, it should 100% be doable to simulate where all the various items are.  i dont think i need to hand back the homework. Because it is messy and not fully completed. It doesnt feel special. I should pay a cursory check on the homework. To get a sense of what they can and cannot do.  I must be sleeping on my ear. That is the only thing I can think of for why my ear might be feeling like this.
09-21-2021: The weather says it might rain this upcoming saturday. However, online, the forecast says it should be sunny. So it will probably be okay. But I should check up on it again around Friday. This weekend, I should also put up a new net. Which means going pretty early in the morning.
09-21-2021: the weather has updated to the point where it's probably going to rain, but it might not rain. Still go it.
09-21-2021: my ear feels so weird, and it scares me a little bit. Strange that it came back. But I should be okay. It went away last time. Hopefully, it will go away this time. I should mark the time when it goes away.
09-21-2021: When kids are happy, it is good for the world. This is undisputable. If I recall, Kaylee drew some happy faces.
09-21-2021: the chance to touch on infinity. Is something I can do every now and then.
09-21-2021: do not put the water in your bag because it will all get wet.  Do not ask students if they need water with covid going on.  Do not play for too long.
09-21-2021: I forgot to flush the toilet.
09-22-2021: i no longer have the ability to teach in front of a class? Maybe. But it might also be because my voice isn't bouncing off of the wall. It might also be because i didnt realyl want to play that role anymore. of being the main person. it's just not efficient to have everything only go through a single person
09-22-2021: everyone inhabits their own genjutsu, for better and for worse.
09-22-2021: True AI is incredible. And one day, we will advance to that point. After all, AI have basically solved games. These breakthroughs are happening incrementally and steadily.
09-22-2021: the numb feeling in my ear has been constant these past few days. It is extremely unnerving. We smile when we feel safe.
09-22-2021: basically, a primary purpose of a man is to provide. if he can serve that function, then he is doing a great job.
09-22-2021: a lot of relationship dynamics are much more related to your core functions rather than what kind of person you are. Why are relationships hard for me? Dunno
09-22-2021: it was correct to apologize to Alan for not tutoring so well.
09-22-2021: c solver49 is part of mathWordSolver which is basically my semi-crappy approximation of wolframalpha
09-22-2021: c wordproblemtemplates
09-22-2021: my ear doesnt hurt. it just feels super numb. It is a strange sensation.
09-22-2021: the problems that i am posing are ... hard, but in my opinion, doable. There is a calculated aspect to them.
09-23-2021: c while nerdamer.tex does create a latex string, the string that it creates is not that beautiful.
09-23-2021: kind of disappointed in the quality of the noodle at pho60 last night
09-23-2021: alan +30
09-23-2021: c math.parse creates a tree for a math expression
09-23-2021: buy the fish steaks perhaps in the afternoon after lunch. Also buy the ice cream. eat beans for lunch. maybe go out and exercise in the morning.  The way of aggregation starts small. But steadily increases.  the kids dont want to compete with each other.  shuffle the ordering of the students
09-23-2021: c dictionaries are used for look ups. If you dont need a fast lookup, then you dont need a dictionary.
09-23-2021: Susur Lee has a pretty intense personality. Perhaps that is what money cannot buy. The ability to act for yourself. No amount of money can bring that type of self-validation.  As money becomes water, as the powerful consume the weak, everything is perpetually maintained.  The ability to peer into the future with intuition - that has stereotypically been a phenotype of smartness.  The class is settling into a predictable routine.  I should prepare the bingo boards.  Angry that something might not be learned as fast as it is supposed to be learned. Learning through self-discovered examples. And then getting an answer sheet which provides an extension. This is the module system and I think it works.  Every homework assignment, had an implicit key. This is important.
09-23-2021: the learning needs to be hard, but not impossible. it needs to feel kind of fun.  They don't want the program to end.  There have to be certain boundaries.
09-23-2021: styrofoam is a great insulator because it has tons of little air pockets.
09-23-2021: As time passes, as the surprises become predictable, it means new innovations are necessary. I am not aggressively pricing. I am doing it with a little bit of gentleness. expectations have to be honored. he's not a real teacher. Are you sure? there are some elements which make me seem like not a real teacher. but there are other elements, which make me really seem like a teacher. The kids have a lot of catching up to do. On the one hand, a year of quarentine set everyone back. But now, they're learning at a highly accelerated rate.
09-23-2021: i didnt brush my teeth last night again
09-23-2021: students cannot leave the area unless their parents are present. this is absolute.  the weather is about to become poor.  you cannot just up and work with anyone. the people at the core, have to respect each other's ablities.  September and October are doable. November is borderline cold. December and January and Feb and March are too cold. April might be possible.
09-23-2021: parent phone 646-384-3708 inquired about the program for 3rd grade
09-23-2021: sometimes, parents dont have the ability to believe in their child. you cant generate something you didnt have for yourself.  the way i approached teaching, i was insulated from a lot of the annoyances. but it also came at some costs. i shunned the traditional route.
09-23-2021: Greatness is created every time you win, and every time you fail. When you feel great after victory, greatness is being created. When you feel miserable after losing, greatness is being created.  It is only when you do not care, that time is wasted. Every single day. You can make it great.
09-23-2021: i am a lot different from ahge and ahjie. They think the same about me. We each shape in the way that the world shapes us. The world has shaped me into me, and they into they. It cannot be said that there is a right or wrong.
09-23-2021: wolfram alpha's website looks like shit. Because that was never his forte. And just like with me, to go it alone, it will never be comprehensive. 
09-24-2021: all learning is self-discovered. a teacher guides a little bit, but at the end, it is the student who discovers it. time seems to pass a little bit slower when i teach. all of a sudden, the 2 hours is over. Maybe it's because there is an element of freedom. The kids develop expectations for what is going to happen next.
09-24-2021: this week i have been getting these dynamic templates working.  today, i created a python linker to adding functions to a file (prepend)
09-24-2021: td filetags.json
09-25-2021: there is some progress on this system, but still a long way to go.
09-25-2021: ear numbess still happening ugh. this is so annoying. it seems like its never going to go away
09-25-2021: td look for places marked td in js
09-26-2021: When a student has already given up, the only thing you can do is be a bandaid. When a student doesnt have the abilties necessary, you take the path of least resistance. Which is to be a bandaid.  It was too hard to set something up with Yaonan. Which means it doesnt happen. Nobody at fault. Just the sadness of how things are scheduled. 
09-26-2021: it wont be much different with Yijie. The smallest thing causes problems. The smallest things are magnified as slights.  When giving a student a worksheet, dont ask for it back. dont put too many questions onto the worksheet. don't make them strain their eyes. They shouldnt have to look super close at the paper.
09-26-2021: in chinese culture, inability to see that setting a screen for someone else, can actually come back to benefit you.
09-26-2021: i dont think yaonan is at fault. i was the one who responded in a tardy manner.
09-26-2021: i think it's correct to do everything programatically for the construction of pdf files. youll discover new things along the way.
09-26-2021: Vue makes use of eval the same way that I am using it. which is kind of why everything has to stay on a single line.
09-26-2021: kloe doesnt like being told what to do. lynn will copy homework and assignments. aaron doesnt like being asked a question he cant answer. aaron doesnt like when other people see that he cant get an answer correct. danny's mom will have many requests. there will be comparisons.  
09-26-2021: i think it is correct that everyone does their own thing. that's the only way to have a class of mixed ability. there is a little bit of alignment, but for the most part, everyone kind of does their own thing.  i played basketball a little bit too intensely today. as a result, I have my standard headache. I ate a lot of food afterwards, but I'm not sure that it helped much.  i need to restructure my evening routine until I am absolutely certain that I can brush my teeth.  no matter what Yaonan replies back, I should not say anything incindiary.  After dinner, I should go to sunset park. No. When Ahjie starts eating dinner, I should go out.
09-26-2021: There are a lot of random ideas in the students heads. They haven't really solidified anything. So that's what we have to do. Have to solidify some of the things that we learned.
09-27-2021: if i crack my neck too much, there will be an ache feeling. my ear isnt doing as badly today. Right as I say that. The feeling arrives. But the feeling is intermittent. It comes and goes. An important thing is to create things that they have never seen before. Something that has the feeling that it could absly never be replicated. Something that says, 'this has never existed before.' This is one a kind. But having created such a product, you should not put it behind bars. To enter or exit a genjutsu, it has to come from within. to take on the feeling of joy, is something special. and it has to come from within.  code looks absly esoteric from an outside perspective 
09-27-2021: sabotage lurks around every corner. You have to be really careful, for what you say and do. the main element of how I taught was to give freedom. the freedom to be yourself. a reduction in judgment.  the church for Chinese people is self-improvement, self-accumulation of skill. This is the established pathway that we flow under. And so this is the path that we take. sometimes you have to fight against the path. sometimes you just take it.  i never asked what school the kids go to. i never asked about the parents. these are correct decisions to make. like amazon, much of it can be impliciitly inferred.  the way of sunset park will be unique to sunset park. but regardless, good materials will be recognized anywhere. It will never cease. Until the parents can enter into money, the void will never cease. That means it doesnt end for Kloe, unless she enters into wealth. Then, her next generation can continue the uphill climb.  perhaps my way of teaching is kind of passive. I only teach like 1 or 2 things a class.
09-27-2021: its possible that the cat pictures and jokes and general presentation mask the depth of the difficulty. The way that i might teach is to draw is large strokes, in a messy manner. the entire canvas is being touched, but nothing is touched that deeply.

School is everything for a child. it is how they become socialized. it is how the lens of how they view the world is shaped. it is where they meet friends. 
Everything is much more streamlined. Now that we


We havent had any rainy days. I havent had to send any text messages. It's been messy, but the messiness is a bit improved. We havent ever had to wait for the custodian to open the doors. The wind still knocks things over, but it's been a little less frequent. 

Chinese students don't show much excitement for frivolousness. 
Don't do big brain time. It's kind of disrespectful.
Don't take away their assignments, until after they're finished.
Don't poke or probe to see what a kid knows. This probing and poking can occur on the homework.
Or during verbal exercises. 
To just understand how to do it, without needing to be taught ... or perhaps there is some sort of self-feedback loop that is constantly on.


Kloe reminds me a lot of Cole. They are both very singularly minded about getting things done.
09-27-2021: questionmaker2 uses a class version of mathtemplater. everythinng is operated on via the class instance.
09-27-2021: if this much technology has been given out, and we operate on a 1:100 or 1:1000 ratio, of private to proprietary, you have to take how far behind you are, and multiply it by 1000.
09-27-2021: object.assign is kind of not that flexible. Although it is basically, the default version of setattrs.
09-27-2021: the strange feeling in my ear persists. ugh.  havent lost my credit card inawhile or my wallet which i dont have or my phone.  make sure to write down 'lost x' in these notes when u lose something
09-27-2021: left the door open last night, as well as didnt turn the light off.
09-27-2021: it's when things are going well, that the Chinese curse activates. Something will happen to turn everything into chaos. Going home this Thanksgiving, there is a chance that mom will do her bible stuff. I guess you just have to accept it. Let her do it, if it happens. At the same time, there should be avenues to prevent it from happening in the first place.
09-27-2021: Ahjie really doesnt like me, and Im pretty cold to her as well. Just bad circumstances. Although, I am the one, who perhaps has triggered some of the events. From the very beginning, do not emote much. It's interesting though. I am much more responsible if I know I have to take care of the events.
09-27-2021: without positive elements throughout a person's day, the negative will subsume everything. Sometimes you feel an urge to hit someone. Perhaps, it is something about their face that says they have been hit before. That was the feeling that I got from Ahjie.  The negative elements which wrack us, stay with us, and take hold of our spirits. They affect outcomes, even without our conscious realization.
09-27-2021: With Ahjie, everything has devolved into a negative exchange. That's why we can no longer exchange words. Only negative comments. This seems to characterize so much of our blood. How long does it take to generate positivity? Perhaps 1 entire generation. But the ratios will always be maintained. Saving a bloodline? It doesn't exist. There will be about 0.00001% of the population at any time, fighting for certain phenotypes. Everything that I'm doing currently, there is no chance that it will extend further. The default state is towards chaos and destruction. The win condition has to go beyond what it currently is. The materials have to be 100% customizable. That is the only way to make money. Every kid getting something completely original.
09-27-2021: every so often, something is created which becomes a spark of everlasting joy. Something which touches humanity to the core. To eat some fish tonight. enjoy hte life and opportunities which are given to u
09-27-2021: i am starting to gain a base for myself. A base feeling of who I am. Even amidst the sadness and lack of money and lack of benchmarks. I get to feel some spindles of happiness.
09-27-2021: c one of the nice aspects of working inside a class, is the abilty to instantly define new variables that can be scoped throughout all the methods.
09-27-2021: why did i record that guy in the singapore hostel ... wtf was wrong with me.
09-27-2021: the lack of gratitude - you do not see it or feel it. But the mark of gratitude, imbues something much greater than its parts.
09-27-2021: npm i synonyms
09-27-2021: npm i compromise
09-27-2021: c turned MathTemplater into a class and also saw a bit with mixins and Object.assign for the class and also played around with comprimise.js and synonym.js and also got some blurb and text editing in place, also changed up how the questions are generated
09-27-2021: The nebulous aspect needs to be pieced together into something concrete.
09-28-2021:  a good chair is very important.  the way of ny constantly shunts people down and down.  there are zero tests in this prep class.  Which means, there is nothing for the parents to compare. There are zero ways of comparison as of far.  Kids are innocent from the absurd cruelties that the world can pose. From the movies that they watch, they do not know that evil is real and lurking. Nothing is more precious than the hopes of a child, because those hopes will go on to define the future.  When an adult's body begins to deteriorate, so too is his or her mind affected. The way they think may become twisted and mishapen. As an adult, you start to feel the boundaries less. It is said that now, you are part of the class that has power. You are part of the class which now, 'makes the rules.' People will abuse this. Even good people, given corrupted circumstances, will become corrupt.  what is going to happen to my ear? Either it's going to get better, or it's going to deterioirate further.
09-28-2021: my ears are really scaring me.
09-29-2021: there are so many exceptions in the english language, which makes it hard to create strict rules for how the grammar is supposed to happen.
09-29-2021: the ear, a little less intense than the night before. It is scary for the person in  the gauntlet. because they're in the gauntlet. The people on the outside, don't get how scary it is.  people who have power will abuse it. just like how i take long showers. just like how i cannot obey the alarm clock of the shower. if there is no check on the power, it will be abused. there are a few ways to construct defense systems against power. ways to cut the power from the very start. all of it stems from freedom to the participants. but too much freedom, can be unproductive. youtube has a pretty free system. by and large, it is fair. quality rises to the top. From the very beginning, I never pushed too hard. I never announced surprises. They just happened.  When parents ask me what I am doing, this question has to be respected. It cannot just be ignored. At the same time, it is hard to give a good answer because a large part of the process is intuitive. 
09-29-2021: there will be zero hiearchy. absolutely zero hiearchy. that lends itself to an abuse of power. it creates a need for oversight. people who should be in charge, are people who do not crave power. or, people who have their own agendas. people who are not desperate. responsibility cannot be given. they have to seek it out themselves.  topics of money are taboo. there are many taboo topics which cannot be allowed into the words. It is important to maintain their feelings of the world.  Some students don't have the ability to laugh or express much of positivity. It's simply how they were raised. Not something that is good or bad. It is simply something that is. It is a phenotype, an archetype which exists. To make adjustments in the next iteration. That's what reviewing the homework is for. Even when reviewing the same topics, you can mix in new topics. There is an art to how the topics can be presented. When everything is properly aligned, the student may realize that they can put the concepts together, and form their own understandings.
09-29-2021: sometimes, information should be given in context, but sometimes, u can just unload a bunch of information all at once, let them soak it up, and then start reviewing it later.  Sometimes the story should be personal, sometimes it should be a straight info dump. Questions need to be of a much larger font. I should move the stuff today. In the afternoon perhaps around 4PM.  cooking the beans takes forever, but you can eat it in a few bites.  to play with them. the kids at ps105. to do something impossible... to show that it is possible. Remove the ability to compare, even when the parents join in. What happened last week, when Kloe's mom and Danny's mom started doing the math, should not happen. It is disruptive.
09-29-2021: my ear really bothers me.
09-29-2021: to feel accustomed to not having any power is also 100% incorrect. The way I want to navigate these trenches is with balance. The real world is a parallel of elanschool. You have to buy the coolaid and drink it and work your way up the ladder. Who don't drink the coolaid, experience a much harder version of the experience. Teamwork is not part of the equation. Each person has to first look out for themselves. Teamwork comes after you have resources. Those without the resources, do not get to play with teamwork. It ould be asinine to try and push teamwork. because they're not at that stage yet. They haven't seen any demonstrations of it that often. The teaching will always have to fit the environment, not the other way around. Give students the tools which will let them accomplish their present destiny. For the students of Sunset Park, this means a practical education. This means preparation for the state tests and standardized tests. This means not shaping to push them on any behavior. That perhaps does too much. You're here to teach math, and nothing else. Therefore, everything else has t o be implicit. The only explicit teaching that can be done is regrarding math.
09-29-2021: The Chinese way has often been the women raise the children, while the father goes off to war somewhere.  when a student grows smarter, i think they kind of realize it. the action takes place when you accomplish some sort of worksheet. It's the COMMPLETION of what could not have been previously completed, which ignites the process of leveling up.  kids have a strange realationship with easy and hard. they kind of want to have both parts at the same time.  no matter what you say to a parent about their child, the parent only wants to hear what they want to hear. They usually already have their own notions, and they will kind of stick to these notions.
09-30-2021: Every week, you have to move forward. While slowly reviewing past material.
09-30-2021: tossed q-picks, the blue dishwashing glove, maceroni and cheese
09-30-2021: by teaching around the problem, eventually, ou do arrive at solving the problem. Similar to coding, a lot of the times, you just first have to build up the dependencies, and then like magic, it begins to cohere together.
09-30-2021: the way i teach usually starts with the assumption that they understand what they're reading. We jump in first, and fix the mistakes later. It really has a chabuduo attitude to it. It is not precise. Later iterations, I think will improve greaetly on this sort of precision. there will still be a lot of randomness.  a math league is possible. but it will require a collaboration of schools.  a collaboration of adults, which isnt always possible. a way for everyone to win.  When the other teams cheat, we can still have fun.  no instructions. That's the rule. zero verbal instructions.  the parents dont see me actively teaching. but all the same, i am teaching. 
10-01-2021: 3 sitting on the ground hurts my butt. how can this be fixed.
10-01-2021: if it doesnt need to be an obj, dont have it be an obj
10-02-2021: td fix hasDecimal
10-02-2021: the way we interact with one, is the way we interact with all
10-02-2021: smells like shit up in here. The interactions are always going to be a little muddled. today is saturday and we have trash coming out
10-06-2021: it is nice to feel some positive emotions from ahjie4618.
10-06-2021: after ml came to visit ny, my ears have started to feel better.
10-06-2021: Who can Maylynn trust? Who could Jennifer Chu trust? What a strange way that the karma has been passed down. What a strange way the action comes back. The energy never ceased. It was remembered. I had forgotten about it, but the threads which bind us did not. Those threads continued and passed it down.
10-06-2021: all along, so many of my experiences echoed that of my sister.
10-06-2021: some daughters or sons are lucky. But a lot of it stems from community. Parents aren't enough. You need a village of support. Early investors into the program. The program will go online. The only reason to have class in person is to have the students interact with each other. The ability to generate friendships. That is the primary purpose of a class. The learning is slower, but the experiences are funner.
10-06-2021: After I reaped, I started to change. And I reaped a lot. The altruism which I now show, was the result of all that I did.  My stories, when written properly, can become true. My defense systems, when enacted properly, will protect without being felt. There is power in truth. It is the path of least resistance. 
10-06-2021: no matter where you go, it seems like there is construction work. Which is really hard to deal with.
10-06-2021: if there is a fly flying around my room ... it is a sign that something is wrong with the cleanliness of the room.  I'm eating some fried rice for dinner today. My parents don't see it. They don't see the effect at all. But that is how it always goes.
10-06-2021: I evoke certain feelings in people. It's like they feel compelled to take care of me. It's like the raw emotions can be felt. People talk. You may not hear it. But they talk. 
10-06-2021: dont need to push my xiangfa. write without adjectives.  the kids will grow up, and they will become less confident. so there is no need to punish
10-06-2021: no tutoring friends. Im absolutely positive about this.
10-07-2021: have to keep blurb notes short.
10-07-2021: construction work starts around 8AM.
10-07-2021: You can give named homework only if the students are able to do each question.  You are not allowed to give advice. You are not allowed to write of your personal experience.  Teaching kids of the current generation is hard. They need more hand-holding than I am used to. But is this their fault? Not at all.
10-07-2021: What's hard about math is often the word problems. But if you start everything from the perspective of words and reading, it won't actually feel that hard.
10-07-2021: never talk about coding. never talk about what you're going to do.  i was in bryant park bird nest and an Asian male walked past me and looked at me with disdain. things have not changed in 5 years
10-07-2021: no meta analyses. When I give meta-analyses, it is always because I am trying to prove a point. Don't do it don't do it. There is no need to prove these points. Saying the word easy is a defense mechanism against plunging into the unknown.  i can never say the word easy or hard, even under calm situations. New York has a certain ethos which has to be followed. You have to follow the established ethos.
10-07-2021: it's not necessary to teach something all at once. you can teach it in layers and slowly mesh more and more layers on top. Everything come start from a place of relative easiness.
10-07-2021: i dont want to go to the library, but I need to if I am to use these things. I need to get the json
10-07-2021: im not good at telling people what to do with oral commands. It always comes out a little bit weak. I am much better at given written commands.
10-07-2021: math constantly builds on everything in its vicinity. every element is interconnected.
10-07-2021: do not ever go meta. That was some good advice. But he also, made a good decision to not hire me because I was kind of immature at the time.  The parents could not have imagined that it would be this hard.  the parents will compare. So I have to dumb it down.
10-07-2021: the feeling that im not being product enough or getting work done. the feeling that im hiding or that i know what is right or wrong. the feeling of being fake. the feeling of losing friends.  immigrant children are at their most confident from around 3rd to 6th grade. And then it starts to trend downwards, as the realizations of how the world works starts to touch upon them.
10-07-2021: i need to check the price of vanguard. Anything 6 or higher I should sell
10-07-2021: I mean this should be possible. To align all of this together... it should 100% be possible.
10-07-2021: load happens before generate. the loading process is basically to get a rough idea of all the elements that are going to be in play. After this is known, it proceeds to the generate step.  without bringing too many papers, i guess i can kind of be productive, doing this writing outside. i'm not going to have internet regardless at home, so it really doesn't make too much of a difference.
10-07-2021: buy musli, tiliapia x2, tuna x2, cashews, ride the bike. get a haircut at 830pm. purchase a larger hat at the library. buy a futon. i'm not going to sleep on cardboard during the winter. get a system for coordinating the various rags and towels that i have
10-07-2021: @fpdf generate is called by the parent schema after run() is called
10-07-2021: this teaching stuff has to move online. Online modules which anyone can consume, small bites at a time.
10-07-2021: platypus is an agnostic positioning device. Which makes a lot of sense. Again, it is the mvc model of splitting up presentation and application
10-07-2021: Bring the parents in. Definitely correct.  My ear didn't really bother me when Maylynn was here. But it has started to bother me again. Suggests it is tied to stress.
10-08-2021: 20 is an easier number to work with than 7.
10-08-2021: it seems this time I am approaching writing the story from a completely different angle. there is an intent to teach. And the teaching is kind of hidden on the inside. It is a little more subtle, less in your face, and I feel like it is of my style.
10-08-2021: ungratefulness is contagious. when it touches one student, all the students become touched by it. students who want to show gratefulness will not be able to. Is there any way to reverse the trend once it sets in? I don't think so. These elements were intrinsic obstacles. It is again one of the events highly probable in lands of poverty. Thankfulness is more and more prohibited.  self-reflection has to be limited. it should never be actively triggered by a teacher. the reflections are always kind of skewed. A weekly progress report is too much. Giving tests will trigger comparisons.  The sixth graders will not enjoy the story. They will feel too old for it. They are in middle school so everything has to be a little more practical. They should read more straightforward texts.
10-08-2021: i cannot tell them how to interact with the situations that are being presented. i can't tell them to take advantage of the current situation. this type of advice is not practical. it doesnt yield anything immediate.
10-08-2021: anything which has levels should be tied to infusion.  I am sitting in my room working, but am i actually getting any work done? I have created a pretty sprawling math system, but it still hasn't seen the light of day. Grinding the questions day in, and day out. The way that I talked to alex was completely wrong. They key is to teach in a customized module-based system. To know what numbers the student can comfortably deal with. Currently, it is either too easy or too hard. need to find a middle point.
10-08-2021: the homework I gave the students is way too hard. Why did I give it so hard? Could it have been made easier?
10-08-2021: i am creating a lot of resources, that i dont actually remember creating. i wonder if a table and chairs are actually necessary. i kind of like sitting on the ground. Am I doing a good job? The answer is unequivocally no. If I am doing a good job, the kids would be happy. 
10-10-2021: more is not always better. The students respond well to writing themselves, in a public forum, where everything happens immediately. Worksheets are not a good idea. It does not support the idea of together harmony. Reading together is very important. It forms the backbone for everything that happens.
10-10-2021: it breaks boundaries to give advice which goes beyond math. You are not allowed to place your personal opinions as knowledge. You're not allowed to shape students like this. This is how i teach. 
i feel kind of happy. I have a comfortable room. I'm close to the park. I have friends to play basketball with at the park. The feeling in my ear has disappeared. I have a nice table. I have lamps. I feel relatively comfortable with my living situation. Teaching is going okay. I'm getting reasonable deals. I've placed myself to not be nickel-and-dimed. I have ... friends.

10-11-2021: 4618 rules: the daughter comes home at 8PM. So that means I should go for a walk at around 730PM. That means I should cook at around 5:00PM or 5:30PM.  Do not take anything. You never know when a price will be asked later.  Do not use the word ge.  Chinese people are extremely avoidant. We dont want to interact with each other. It's like we almost don't even want to see each other. Just accept this as being the case.  Basically, do not see, and do not interact with each other. That is the way to keep the peace. Learn the schedules. Ahua gets up at around 130PM. I should cook dinner around 5PM. From 7PM to 9PM, I should be at the park.
10-11-2021: dajie returns from downstairs at around 4PM. Today is such a beautiful day. Should I have gone outside? Maybe.
10-11-2021: The kids will regress when the energy changes.  Kids of poverty do not usually have the freedom to demonstrate kindness. They have to follow the land.  When you don't say a person's name, you will forget them. So I guess I will be forgotten.
10-11-2021: there are zero bumpers in place but at the same time, the bowling lane is infinite. The homework needs to feel extremely compelling.  I am a little sad that the students don't show any gratitude, but they are children, and they follow the way of their parents. The parents don't show it, so the kids can't either.  You cannot punish for things beyond their awareness.  Despite what they say and how they act, they will miss it a little bit. Because the way I do it is completely different. The way I did it was special. Do not expect any help, any assistance. Such an expectation is unrealistic. It is not the status quo of the type of events which are likely to happen. In the end, it failed. The kids want to continue, but I don't think I want to continue... It is too small. Too insular. Too little respect. Too rigid. It doesnt work. My way didnt work. My attempt to go against dominant phenotypes, like standing in the ocean. They enjoy it. There is a protective element at work. That is how it can stay. I don't want to teach them anymore. But at the same time, I cannot give endlessly. I can be reaped, but it has to change too. They don't have any chance to give gratitude based on their circumstances. Do not place the blame on the students, the parents, or anyone. My stomach tells me that I don't want to continue it here.  Do not ask any questions of dying curosity. Do not ask them why they're disrespectful. You already know. It is because your actions defy the normalcy of their reality.  There is a very big chance that they will react negatively when you say you're not doing it anymore. I don't know yet. But I do know. Basically, I know that I don't want to do it anymore. The class will be forbidding towards newcomers. I'm certain of this. There will not be a group feeling. I don't think it will be here. There is no bathroom. I think they also know that the program is coming to an end. That is a contributing factor to the disrespect.
10-12-2021: construction work comes intermittently like every 15 minutes
10-12-2021: cwork
10-14-2021: some students have a mental blockage against math. they view it as interminably hard. When it's not as hard as they think it is. Alan has a really strange block against math. On the one hand, he needs to review the basics. On the other hand, he seems to feel kind of ashamed that he's not good at the basics.
10-14-2021: nerdamer simplify doesn't work that well. The generated expressions are oftne backwards
10-14-2021: the new version of questiongenerator has many less variables beeing passed around. Instead, when something needs to happen, it should be directly written to the instance.
10-14-2021: on the one hand alan cares, on theo ther hand he isn't given the tools to succeed. he also doesnt go looking for those tools.
Kids make dumb mistakes. But he will have someone to blame it on. Losing himself in the process. Lol. I'm doing the best with what I have. Or am I? The money can pour in, if you really know what you're doing. 
Every Chinese kid begins, filled with emotions, until their tears are taken from them without mercy, and they lose a crucial essence of joy. Maybe this is what it means to be human.
the chinese animal will always be like this. we will always be suspicious and skeptical.

in the end, although ikea was the brand name for furniture, I ended up purchasing really good furniture from walmart. 
10-15-2021: life is too short to use pens that arent filled to the brim with ink.  i have been eating better food lately.  there is an oven at 4618, but do not use it.  mistake at using the microwave. i assumed it was for the public.
10-15-2021: Alan is kind of weak at math. At the same time, he is not allowed to admit it. Somehow, he is taking higher level math, but he still has trouble with fractions. It makes no sense.
10-15-2021: never use the word magic
10-15-2021: Teaching is kind of a slow process of innoculating students into rigorous ways of approaching knowledge.
10-15-2021: i guess i have become extremely wary of accidentally jinxing students. I don't want to bring any focus onto the meta aspect of learning.
10-16-2021: i had a dream of having sex with Anh last night. We were buying bread somewhere? We were on a bus. I kissed her and it was dry.
10-17-2021: sleeping on my ear is super uncomfortable

7/4/2021:
left the class without saying good-bye
gave a bad introductory lesson
it is not a good idea to teach 4th and 5th and 6th together
it is not a good idea to use the computer if you don't know what you're going to write.
it is a great idea to have the students mixed together for practice. it is a great idea for
need to set-up earlier in the morning so as to not disrupt the flow of the morning
need to cook lunch the night before
need to leave the house at 8am
need to clean up everything myself near the end of class
10-20-2021: i feel like i have gotten through to another understanding of classes, closures, and passing items thru references. There is more clarity for how the things happen. The code is also shorter. Im not writing as many super functions
10-20-2021: every file becomes writable when you do it like this. basically, creating a new language inside of an existing language. it is pretty hacky ... but it works
10-20-2021: alan is allergic to math. and i have no idea what to do about it.  The students have to find a reason to justify the quitting. That will reduce the dissonance.

05-06-2021: spilled water on keyboard. must keep water and liquids away from the computer at all costs.  made a fettucinni type dish with milk and cheese and parseley. it tasted pretty good.  when not loud sound, dont use music.  i need to trick myself into brushing my teeth because i keep omitting it. or, put the toothbrush in my room.  
Implement smart completion magic...
Implement smart completion magic...
Remap <TAB> for smart completion on various characters...
Sunday, 01-24-2021, 10:51 AM
We are in the beta right now. Something that you've never seen before. 
When something is wrapped with a yeet, this will undo it.
a superpack of 9 fotl underwears is $15.98, while a 6 pack of hanes underwear is 9.98. wts the better deal
ask: a few unrelated vim questions  i would like to use 'q' in normal-mode, but it brings up a weird error screen. is there anyway to get around this  does echom do anything which echo does not  my saved marks keep disappearing. how do you persist your marks  i have a lot of functions in my vimrc file. i would like to move these functions to a vimhelper file and have .vimrc source the helper so that it is not as cluttered. how do you do this
ask: how do you set conditional key shortcuts  for example, if it is a jsfile, i would like cl to expand into console.log, but if it is a py file, i would like it to expand into print and if it is a vim file, i would like it to expand into echom
autocmd BufEnter * call CommentIt ()
clears out console logs
04-10-2021: dropped my computer on to the groun with a harsh BANG. i went to sleep and ... i slept near the electric cord. i even had half a mind that it was going to happen. god i feel so angry at myself. i promised this wouldnt happen. i fucking ... i disrpesected ... AKJSDAS.
04-12-2021: what i have to do now is transfer the questions to a website. and upload the website as well. maybe watch minreport later.  
04-14-2021: a function which will correctly select the surronding textblock. 
04-15-2021: hard to write comments in css and html files ... so perhaps dont do it. 
04-15-2021: why does it feel like hollywood so much better at making movies than the entire rest of the world  ofc there are many many exceptions. but it seems that on a macro scale, great movies are mostly american hollywood movies.
04-16-2021: d for docnotes
04-18-2021: /docnot
endfunction
endfunction
function TextTransform()
give an utterly underwhelming product. 
iab ` `<cr><cr>`<up><up>
inoremap a <esc>:call SetBookMarks('doodle')<cr>
inoremap p[ <esc>A:<cr>
inoremap pl <space>+
inoremap tf :call TextTransform()<cr>
inoremap wf <esc>:call CreateFunctionBlock()<cr><down>A
inoremap wl ((x) => {<cr>})<esc><s-o>
it is safer to be underwhelming at the start. a butchered version. how many idols can a nation sustain? 
it's not working.
let indexes = GetCurrentFunctionBlock()
nmap <C-c> :call FunctionController('')<left><left>
nnoremap cl :call AnotherTextTransform()<cr>
practice. like cats. you cant go too close.
remove l
testing
the result is a list
turns the function into a console log.
use join() when a single string is needed
used for scrolling down through functions.
vnoremap 1 <esc>:call Filer()<cr>
vnoremap l $yGoconsole.log(<esc>pA) SIMPLE
vnoremap l $yGoconsole.log(<esc>pA) SIMPLE
----------------------------
----------------------------
//pdicfs
05-07-2021: i learned that it is mch mr conv 2 uz \v mode. u can directly use exprs lk '%subsitute'. u can rit lambda fncs. it is ezier to create anew than 2 edit. keeping function params to a bare minimum is extremely imp. folo th etiquit of th romans. u can append 2 othr buffers. it will be an endless hole to continue down.
05-07-2021: When using subsitution on a line, is there a way to remove the trailing newline as well?    
05-08-2021 what is the purpose of setting a mapleader or localmapleader  i recently discovered that commands can be multiple characters. for example, someething like this
05-09-2021 hi
05-09-2021 how do you incorporate regex into split function  fex, id lk 2 split on period, on space, or on slash.
05-09-2021 til you have to double the quotes if you want to escape them 
05-09-2021 leaderf can be used 2 ways. the first is when a;s has '/'. this will activate normal find and replace global. the second way is to use it without a space. this will search for the function if it exists, otherwise, the fn will be settled to the bottom of the file.
05-10-2021 is there a way to have multiple vimrcs  for example, when i am using the js vimrc, ec should expand into console.log.  when using the python vimrc, ec should expand into print
05-10-2021 why does vim have a lot of 'gotchas' when it comes to single and double quotes  so many times i will be bashing my head over a regex or an execute command and the final debugging solution comes down to i shudve used single quotes or i shudve used double quotes. as a beginner, im really starting to enjoy scripting with vim, but these gotchas have been really aggrevating to say the least. Are there any cut and cold guidelines for when u shud basically always use sq vs dq and vice versa? 
05-11-2021 is there a way to auto capitalize text in command mode  For instance, my vimrc has a command 'Tick' which activates call Ticker(). But in order for me to access this function, I have to type a capitalized 'T' for Tick. Hence, I'm wondering if there is a way to autocapitalize, so that I can write 'tick' instead of having to write 'Tick.'
05-11-2021 istaw to have the cursor always start at the bttom of a file instead of the start of a file  i noticed the first thing that i do in almost every file is to type G to get to the bttom of the file. i feel like there is probably a way to automatically bring the cursor down?
05-12-2021 how do you install the :py command  for reference, I am running vim 8.1 on linux via chromebook. When checking :version, I see that both :python and python3 have are not installed with the build. I have been googling, 'add python3 support to vim' but thus far, haven't been able to find an answer. Any ideas on what I might try? thx.
05-12-2021 when mom talks to me, she often references me as a young child. 'you're a good kid.' 'you're a good boy.' she talks to me as if i am a child. she rarely seems to hear what im saying. she likes to make assumptions and judgments. 'you are like this, or you are like that.' I don't enjoy the conversation. I find myself saying rediculous things. 'I love lists. I have thousands of lists.'  
05-12-2021 the comparisons are necessary. give them constant reinforcement for how the student is doing. You have to consider the history of 1000s of years. 
05-12-2021 all of these sentences should be aggregated away. the resultant file should be parsed. 
05-16-2021 appendbelow's final argument is usespaces which is active by default. to deactivate, press 1.
05-17-2021 extreme hunger pain. happened after waking up. i felt fine, then i did a lot of kitchen actions, then, i was swamped by hunger. hunger like i have never really felt. it lasted for quite some time. even now, some 2 hours later, the hunger is persisting. eating some mentos helped a little bit. is it from seaweed parasite. is it from low blood sugar. why did it happen. i have no idea. maybe bc ive been on a protein deficit for awhile. maybe i shud eat 2 breakfasts.  threw away hoison sauce. tossed all the green beans. they were all dirty. shud i be writing notes here...
05-29-2021 tossed bananas because they were completely soft.  toss corn because it was slimey. i had only bought it for a few days.  toss crutons because i dont like crutons.  tossed the black highlighter sharpie bc it went out of ink really fast. 
05-31-2021 
06-09-2021 /
:exec '!cat' join(GetActiveBuffers())
:nnoremap <silent><expr> gcc match(getline('.'), '^Hey') > -1 ? ":s/^Hey//\<cr>" : ":s/^/Hey/\<cr>"
:vnoremap gcc :norm gcc<cr>
JS
START
\    'sh': {'gs': function('SuperHelperHelper'), 'i': 'nolinebreak', 'spaces': 1},
any
ask: how do you rename a file  for example, the buffer that i have opened is a.txt. i have a file in my directory called b.txt. i would like to rename b.txt to c.txt. i came up with kind of a convoluted soln, and im wondering if there might be a better way.
barperk
call AddCompletion(  "'",   "'",     s:NONE,                   0    )
call AddCompletion(  "'",   s:NONE,  "'",                      1    )
call AddCompletion(  '"',   '"',     "\\n",                    1    )
call AddCompletion(  '"',   s:NONE,  '"',                      1    )
call AddCompletion(  '(',   ')',     "\<CR>\<ESC>O\<TAB>",     0    )
call AddCompletion(  '(',   s:NONE,  ")",                      1    )
call AddCompletion(  '<',   '>',     "\<CR>\<ESC>O\<TAB>",     0    )
call AddCompletion(  '<',   s:NONE,  ">",                      1    )
call AddCompletion(  '\[',  '\]',    "\<CR>\<ESC>O\<TAB>",     0    )
call AddCompletion(  '\[',  s:NONE,  "]",                      1    )
call AddCompletion(  '{',   '}',     "\<CR>\<C-D>\<ESC>O",     0    )
call AddCompletion(  '{',   s:NONE,  "}",                      1    )
call WriteFile('temp.txt', ['a', "b\nc", 'd\ne'])
command -nargs=1 P call Prettier(<args>)
ec EscapeSpaces(Stringify(['foo cakes', 'bar']))
ec g:abc
ec g:namedict
endfunction
foo(expand(foo))
foo(expand(foo))
forcesplit = 'let \[.*?\] = \w*Split.*?, \S*?\)'
function
function ReplaceLine(i, regex, replacement)
function foo():
goes to first function and adds dep
hdu run a script a single time  id like to run script.py when vim is loaded / sourced, but it should only be run, if it is the first time. otherwise, nothing should happen.
how do you programmatically delete a line  currently, i use cs call setline('.', '') ce but this doesnt actually dellte the line. ur left with a blank line. istaw a to have this blank also not be there i have tried using cs normal D ce but the problem with this is that i cant control the line index the way that you can with setline.
https://github.com/maylynnml/maylynnml.github.io"
iab <expr> dts '//start ' . strftime('%m-%d-%Y %I:%M:%S%p') . ' - Howdy!'
iab efa else if (isArray())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab efe else if (exists())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab efn else if (!)<Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab efo else if (isObject())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab efs else if (isString())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab ifa if (isArray())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab ife if (exists())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab ifo if (isObject())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab ifs if (isString())<Left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab l console.log()<Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iab lkv (k,v) =>
iab ls (s) =>
iab vimeat \<left>\<Left>\<C-R>=Eatchar('\s')\<CR>
iabbrev  <silent> 90 ()<left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iabbrev  <silent> ift if (test())<left><Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iabbrev  <silent> l90 () =>
iabbrev  <silent> sw startsWith('')<Left><left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
iabbrev <silent> <~/.vimrc> if if ()<Left><C-R>=Eatchar('\s')<CR>
in this case, the 'z' is kind of acting like my mapleader. I'm curious, what benefit is derived by expliciting saying 'let mapleader = z' versus, doing it the way that im currently doing itqm
inoremap --f __file__
inoremap --s1 sys.argv[1]
inoremap --s2 ' '.join(sys.argv[2:])
inoremap <expr> w[ IsHtml() ? '<c-o>${<cr>}<esc><s-o>' : ':call EnterBlock()<cr>'
inoremap <silent> <TAB>    <C-R>=TabCompletion()<CR>
inoremap <silent> <TAB>   <C-R>=SmartComplete()<CR>
inoremap <tab> <esc>:call NextSnippet()<cr>a
inoremap ig item.get('')<left><left>
inoremap w[ <esc> IsHtml() ? ":call EnterBlock() <cr>a" : ":call HtmlHandler()) <cr>a"
inoremap w] <esc>:call HtmlHandler()<cr>a
inoremap w] <esc>:call HuntForReplacement()<cr>A
inoremap w] <esc>:call JumpToNextBlock()<cr>i
inoremap wh <esc>:call HtmlFix()<cr>a
inoremap zb '\\b'
inoremap zb <esc>:call SayHi()<cr>
let g:namedict = CreateDictFromArray(Findall(g:funcnamere, GetLines()), function('GetShortName'), 1)
lookahead
nmap <c-f8> :w<cr>:source ~/.vimrc<cr>:call FunctionCaller()<cr>
nmap <silent>  <C-k>  :w<cr>:source ~/.vimrc<cr>:call SaveBackup()<CR>
nnoremap 4 :call FiveSearch('', '4')<left><left><left><left><left><left><left>
nnoremap < :call SmartIndent()<cr>
nnoremap <Leader>y Da
nnoremap <c-f10> :call ReloadVim()<cr>:w<cr>:source ~/.vimrc<cr>
nnoremap <f5> :call WriteDebugMessage()<cr><down>
nnoremap <leader>h :e ./helpers.py<cr>
nnoremap <leader>t :e ./today.py<cr>
nnoremap <leader>u :! python3 utils.py expand('%:p')
nnoremap <leader>u :e ./utils.py<cr>
nnoremap <leader>v :e ~/.vimrc<cr>
nnoremap <localleader>ais :call AddImportStatement('')<left><left>
nnoremap <localleader>ais :call AddImportStatement('')<left><left>
nnoremap <localleader>ais :call AddImportStatement('')<left><left>
nnoremap <localleader>slp :call SetLastPosition()<cr>
nnoremap <tab> :call NextSnippet()<cr>a
nnoremap [ :call Check()<cr>
nnoremap a :call DocNotes('ask')<cr>A
nnoremap b :call DebugLine()<cr>
nnoremap cl :call CleanupText()<cr>
nnoremap e :!
nnoremap gb :call GoHtmlBackward()<cr>i
nnoremap gn :call GetNearByVariable()<cr>
nnoremap n :w<cr>:source ~/.vimrc<cr>:call FunctionManager('')<left><left>
nnoremap w /^\(lineedit2.prototype.\\|    \)
nnoremap wd ^/`<<cr>a<div><esc>/>`<cr></div><left><left><left><left>
nnoremap zd :call delete(expand('%')) | bdelete!
nnoremap zp :-4s,+4s?\\<placeholder\\>/bar/<cr>
nnoremap zp :call ReplaceBackwards('')<left><left>
noremap dv :call ShuntAndDelete()<cr>
os.expanduser
pork
set clipboard=unnamed
set iskeyword=@,48-57,_,192-255,.
source ~/CWF/helpers.vim
spaces
start 
used for finding where i am. it will copy the item down.
v/^\n\\|\%$<cr>
vim: how might i modify this function such that empty lines are included in the range  as it currently stands, the searching will break if an empty line is encountered. im wondering, how might you edit the function to allow for empty lines to be included?  the source for this function comes from: https://developer.ibm.com/technologies/linux/tutorials/l-vim-script-2/#combining-named-and-variadic-parameters
vnoremap ] /^\(}\)<cr>
vnoremap ] <esc>?^\(\n\w\)\@=<cr> --brings u to the start
vnoremap ] <esc>^V/^\(\/\/\\|def\\|function\)\@=<cr>
vnoremap l /.*\($\\|)\)\@=yGoconsole.log(<esc>pA)
vnoremap q :<c-u>call AskQuestion('')<left><left>
vnoremap v /\n\zs}<cr>
vnoremap y <esc>?^\n<cr>V/^\n<cr>
10-23-2021: i have unceromonialusly asked to leave many times in my life. Developing math flash cards. Personalized flash cards. The flash cards are fun.
10-23-2021: the kids can feel the energy of their guardians. They reflect it sometimes.
10-24-2021: I have started to understand classes at a deeper level. A lot more nesting of classes inside of classes ie returning them
10-29-2021: chinese culture is so extraordinarily backwards and we do not seem to see how each of our individual actions contributes to the group staying small
10-29-2021: we sacrificed our ability for comraderie ... for personal pursuits of greatness. And None of this will ever be realized. Or, if it does get realized, it gets realized too late.
10-30-2021: we cant do partners because there is an odd number of students. someone is left out.  i have finally strated to understand how scope interacts with functions.  it is incorrect to have students read things which do not support their current reality
10-30-2021: some how everything is tied together instead of the vue environment.
10-30-2021: our ancestors are the great apes of massive strength.  People feel untethered around me possibly. Something of a little bit untethered.
11-01-2021: alan wanted assurance and validation, and it wasnt necessarily given. Immigrants/minorities seem to be playing a completely different game
11-01-2021: scary my body is changing. not producing sperm at all it seems. this is really really scary. but it has happened. so what are you going to do about it? sperm for the ability to see. meh ill take it. i also need to be better about how i sleep. dont eat at any more of the hispanic places. when you need to eat a quick meal, buy cilantro, green onions, and eat the brown soba noodles. it tastes pretty good. buy some soy sauce too. i made way too many mistakes during the outdoor teaching program.  
11-01-2021: boston is filled with bullshit it seems. or maybe it's just my slanted perspective.
11-01-2021: left the aluminum out in the public place. let water jugs out in the open.  i dont like using the milk cartons as water jugs anymore. i feel like I have changed so much. In many aspects, I have changed for the worse. In some aspects, I have changed for the better.
11-01-2021: the cardinal mistake of tutoring Alan was everything focused on mistakes. Every mistake was magnified. The second mistake was not realizing everything has to be partitioned into small bite sizes. The biggest mistake was having high expectations for Alan. Kids don't realize how tied to their emotions, being 'smart' is. When they're in a good mood, they do so much better.
11-01-2021: What Alan needs ... I don't know if I can give.
11-01-2021: To do things with a great verve. They will want it later. Provide the services that are needed. In Sunset Park, for 6th graders, it appears you don't display these types of emotions. Keeley will be surrounded by money. As the years go by and by ... doesn't something have to change? Will it perptually stay the same?
11-01-2021: everyone is doing their part. A love for teaching. And yet not being able to teach as I would like to teach.
11-01-2021: i did not understand the phenotype that those here live under. There is no time for happiness. There is only work. There is no changing the way basketball is played. You can only change it by a show of strength.
11-02-2021: the feedback of rewards needs to be unpredictable. if it happens robotically, the student will become too accustomed to it and it wont matter as much. To be mean at home, and to be weak outside. I put them in a bad position. That was a huge mistake. For some reason, the more we interact, the more negative feelings are generated.
11-02-2021: Alan's real father isn't around. Which means basically anything goes. I can only do what I can do. The mistake was agreeing to the tutoring in the first place. That was the big mistake.
11-03-2021: tossed sugar, black pepper, bulgar wheat thin, leftover musli from small blue bag, leftover buckwheat  dont buy buckwheat eat all musli at once  i dont like the cast iron skillet. it is too heavy. it is not fun to wash, and it still has the smudging from the wok which i was trying to avoid from the very first get go. maybe it is time for a nonstick pan, but something about that feels ugh as well.  this morning will try the QR code version of the fedex return. hopefully it works. in the future, no more fedex pickup. u have to go to the store, if u want to return it.
11-03-2021: it is not comfortable to write on the cardboard ethylene material outside. That's why Kaylee's handwriting degraded so much. She was sensitive to it.
11-06-2021: i am no one to comment on the way anyone else lives their life.

the mistake of 
the ps105 girl students liked me a lot as a teacher at the start, and then they stopped liking me on a dime. The parents too, are divided over me. The parents were never able to express much in the form of appreciation. 

We absorb each other's actions. 
It feels like so much of Chinese actions are filled with hate. 



the mistake of not having consistent communication
the mistake of not speaking to each parent equally
the mistake of not giving easier assignments
you always need a starting introductory message and an ending conclusion message
you always need to preface the start and preface the end of events
the mistake of not having strict order
the mistakes are not redeemable.


they trusted in me a little bit. I remember. I had 7 weeks to get it right. And I didn't. 
to show that I can bite too. 
to be the top dog. i dont want to occupy that role. 
the anger that flashes to a burning crescendo. 
the feeling that i felt, vibrated through everyone. the feeling of a lightning rod. To get your own shoy


i need to eat more to offset the  cold temperature


11-08-2021: Something is wrong with the hispanic rice that im making. while it does have flavor, the texture is not correct.  there is some sort of construction work ALWAYS going on. Therefore, the early morning hours need to be taken advantage of. It will be harder to do work in the afternoon.
11-08-2021: for some reason, there is some urine on my underwear.  the construction work often seems to stop after 2PM. It most frequently happens from 11AM to 2PM. Although sometimes, it continues on.
11-08-2021: i dont want to tutor Alan because he does not work hard? However, that also becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. So much of how we see the world is bolstered by self-fulfilling prophecies. Words  become an utter waste of time when you dont believe them at all. Everyone is filled with their own bullshit. Everyone deals with it differently
11-08-2021: everything comes together incrementally, is my experience of the world. one step at a time. 
11-08-2021: currently, the cssloader and the stylecontroller are not connected. they do a very similar job, and i feel like they should be able to communicate with each other.  ahua's current cooking means i wont be able to cook today because that would kind of be a double duty.
11-09-2021: should i even be writing that many notes in the first place? I am not too convinced.
11-10-2021: every day, the world crashes us with good and bad feelings. We have no choice, but to be swept up in their wake. Every person creates a link in the chain. Every sound we hear. Everything moves it to this direction.
11-10-2021: when people "tan-qi", for some reason it really affects me. I am really really bothered by it.  i dont know what i need to use the reportlab for right now. thus, thus i shudnt use it. the need comes before the creation. the demand comes before the supply.  the noodles did not taste good when adding the chicken bouillon cube.  hispanic food seasonings ... everything seems to be filled with msg.  my body reacts kind of strangely to msg. i start peeing a lot. i also feel kind of dry.  tossed the sazon chili powder. (it was basically just msg).  its not that msg is bad for u, its that it may have certain unpleasant side affects which affects some people more than others.  who is at fault for the outcome of the outdoor program? Well I suppose it is me. I am the one who was making the decisions ... I can only blame me. Who is at fault for the outcome of recent tutoring? Perhaps, I simply should not have agreed to it. It was perhaps fated to fail given that I didnt want to tutor.  you can never prescribe antidotes because we all have negative pulls which will never let such insular antidotes work. rather, the way of the tutoring should simply not be tutoring at all. it should just be a feeling of comfort.  for a ethnicity that cares so much about learning, it should be evident where there is a teacher in the arena
11-10-2021: the rice was too runny. it is also kind of lacking in flavor.  the green salsa needs cilantro to brighten the color. it also needs to not oxidize for too long because that gives it a yellow color. lime and garlic are essential to its construction.
11-10-2021: eating lunch at around 11:45AM is correct. It gives a bit of leeway.
11-10-2021: eval literally evaluates what is shown on the screen as if it is a javascript environment. Eval turns anything into a javascript environment. It was often said that it is not good to use eval. But in many ways, eval is superior to new function as well as window.val. sometimes, u just want to evaluate javascript while having access to the global scope.
11-11-2021: everything about javascript feels like passing references around.  i feel really lethargic today and my eye kind of hurts. maybe i did a lot of things that i am not supposed to do. i will gorge on ice-cream if i eat it out of the container. i need to scoop it out before hand, and I should only eat it on sundays. i should not eat ice cream late in the evenving because it will mess with my sleep.  i successfully showered for only 11 minutes today. im getting a better sense of how much time is elapsing.  the phatnom chef pan retailed for 59$ on walmart ... approx 40 dollars more expensive than bingo. wtf is going on?  have to be super gentle when using nonstick pans. dont use metal utensils inside of them.  it is correct to make a pseudo debugger via js rather than constantly going into the browser. it is faster.
11-11-2021: when there is construction work, my mind seems to go to sleep.  i need to prepare foe when i go home  next eeek.
11-11-2021: recursive data structures are extremely powerful, complex, and confusing, and also ... beautiful. There is something beautiful about them. Something about the ping-pong action which takes place.
11-11-2021: u dont always need to have a getter with a setter or a setter with a getter. However, it certainly helps for accessing variables.
11-11-2021: have to give a reference to startApp so that the vue instance can be accessed. otherwise, it is just floating around in memory, unaccessible.
11-12-2021: when kids are treated as children, it give the parents something to do. parents get to feel like "parents" in a role of "parenting." But there are long term problems associated with this. The child often becomes spoiled. Normal for the parents. But not normal for me. The mistake is making a connection. But you cannot avoid making a connection. Any exposure to a person creates the connection. Instead, what you can control is managing expectations. You can create zero external expectations, and rather, put the expectations into the process. Small managable expectations with clear paths forward. A way for students to generate real progress. Right now, Alan hates math. Every math question is an attack on his abilities. The cockiness which he has evolved is similar to my own along time ago. A normal way of teaching math wont work via online. Dont need to place any ultimatums. Just send him stepwise thru the questions. The core assumption has to change. You are not working on a blank slate. You are working with sheets that have alreaady evolved in certain directions. You cannot ignore the history that comes with each student. You cannot ignore that students have expectations too. To have letters prepared in advance ... To create order by giving good assignments ... it didnt work.
11-12-2021: so everything works. everything works as it should work. it is just a huge mess. a lot of the logic is embedded on itself. and we arent returning ... like even once. everything happens synchronously so the css can be affected directly as well, inside of the handler. 
11-12-2021: the object starts off as an innocuous little thing in js. It is kind of scary, but generally, it is reasonably dealt with. later, u realize this simple literal object, is the backbone of everything. every time u create a simple object, u r creating a mutable state holder. this state stays for the duration of the runtime. u can overwrite it, but ur not really overwriting it, ur merely losing access to the reference holder.
11-13-2021: the way of china breaks my heart. The way of china ... is where I come from... it breaks my heart.
11-13-2021: when u are working for something that is important to you, something which has value, you will not feel tired when doing the work. To be Chinese... is to be like this.
11-14-2021: katex holds its own state. So does nerdamer. They hold the state inside of their script. I believe katex works once you download the proper font fyles. In the mean time can use some absolute positioning
11-15-2021: Rich called me at 10AM for basketball. I am not compelled to reply. I can reply in person. I should reply on the phone.
11-15-2021: the construction work is unavoidable and it really kills my mood. i need to find where the sound is coming from.
11-15-2021: left fire on last night. was reported. cooking too much. also reported. the chinese way is to report everything to the top.
11-15-2021: you can cook 1030am on monday. you cant cook too much in the evening. there are so many rules that have to be followed.
11-15-2021: the way of China ... passed from thousands of years ago. We have evolved into what we currently are. The act of teaching, only takes bloom when the student wants to learn. So many factors have to harmonize together. To tutor a student, actually, the interaction is thru the parent. Not tutoring. 
11-15-2021: accumulating a lot of spam email... there is a way to connect socket with gmail with website and do everything via 3rd party phone and also via github edits. it is absly possible.
11-15-2021: the construction work ends at around 330PM. The dajie comes home at around 430PM. From 4 and above, there is quiet.
11-16-2021: Doing things that have no chance of success.  Parents giving their kids the luxury of being picky eaters.  I do not want to lift a finger to help someone who doesnt work for themselves? Kind of. But that is not his fault. That is merely what he knows.
11-16-2021: as long as the number of items being modified is less than 100 ... there will be negligble lag. 
11-16-2021: spaghetti code seems to be the path of least resistance. any time u lose a grip, it devolves into spaghetti. it is like entropy. requires constant upkeep.  Andrei had a similar approach to many of the current Chinese parents. The default modus is the fault lies with the children. I once told Cole that everyone has a redeeming quality. But for some reason, I am having a hard time seeing it right now. For some reason, right now I can only see the negative aspects.
11-16-2021: unreliable for my dad, for alex, for alan ... but it will come. 
11-16-2021: i think at the start it is fine to have lots of console... they can be removed later
11-16-2021: some songs can fill u with nostalgia. Some people can remind you of nostalgia.
11-16-2021: distraction 340pm blowhorn sound
11-16-2021: after you bullshit enough, everything becomes bullshit. Reality becomes lost amidst the weeds of your own creation. The process of growing up... ...  How do I feel about being told not to cook, and yet they themselves cook more than me? Well I dont appreciate it. But it is the Chinese way to have double standards.
11-16-2021: the chi double standards are extremely frustrating and aggravating. they are this hard for others, and just as much for our own...
11-16-2021: the chinese way - one mistake ... and the world is doomed. that is kind of also how i treated alan. I dont think the tutoring will work.
11-17-2021: inside of a promise, the return value doesnt actually mean anything. the only value that matters is the resolve. it is what gets sent to the next iteration
11-17-2021: the resolving function is what propagates the promise to the next "then." Anything that happens in the middle, doesnt actually do anything. 10x, even 100x individuals exist.  I didnt make too many mistakes at EMC.  Accept that Alans words are not actually representative of himself. Part of growing up. 
11-17-2021: You dont need to pass anything into the clock function object because u can do the passing in the parent scope
11-17-2021: promises are kind of amazing. The name is a little bit off in my opinion. A better name would be like Resolver... But the name promise is memorable
11-17-2021: for some reason, there was always a thread of disrespect. perhaps because i wasnt teaching to their level. perhaps for a myriad of reasons. it was clear to me after awhile, that i had lost the ability to teach the students. "little shits." Theyre acting like that for a reason. There is always a root cause for behavior
11-17-2021: when the weather is 54, you can feel that 4 layers is kind of hot.  when i dont take the trash out, the dajie will tan qi. if anything is wrong, she will tan qi. i wonder what her youth was like. no i dont wonder.  i think the try is over at ps105. somehow, it feels like a limit was reached, and that this limit cannot be surpassed. something good turned bad. And that was it. i dont want any awkward feelings to arise on behalf of anyone. although i made some mistakes (a lot of mistakes) i also did certain things correctly. it wasnt all bad. But they did trust me at the start. and i am grateful for that.
11-17-2021: i need to debug the controller a little bit more, need to add in dreplace, need to drink more water, need to return the items to fedex, a few of them, need to prepare for my trip home ... Saturday or Sunday. High quality grapes and/or food. Food, once you eat it, will never show up again. it needs to be funny kind of. it needs to do he job that it is supposed to do. Render all of the elements together... cooking in the morning ... not the evening.
11-17-2021: didnt feel good today. i am being affected by the dajies sounds. i am being affected by construction work. With me, things always go poorly whenever i am too invested. (see Alan) I wanted to do a good job, and end up not talking to the kid for a few weeks.  it will be a complete waste of time to do it 1 on 1. A student like Alan, represents a large swath of students. they need rigorous accountability thrown at them... it actually lets them perform better. the way of freedom ... why does it not seem to work? 
11-18-2021: a proxy object is some sort of getter/setter object wrapper. it seems to be a large backbone of vues operation
11-18-2021: sometimes you need multiple items on a single page so that they have a reference point.
11-18-2021: async merely means that u wait for the next occurence ... but u dont have to wait. You can skip the execution.
11-19-2021: cannot stand around after a shower ... i will catch a cold. i have to go to bed earlier. i have to cook the chickpeas and beans earlier. Buy groceries at ctown on friday morning
11-19-2021: backgrounds only take effect if there is content in the textbox.
11-20-2021: it is tempting to create lots of objects ... because that is how we naturally compartmentalize logic ... but it makes things really complicated, and in many cases, its not necessary. functional repeats a bit more, but it is just way easier to reason about
11-20-2021: objects are certainly super necessary. but they have to be kept simple. they have to serve as infrastructure rather than minutae
11-20-2021: test

:: woke at 530am, 17 minute shower, breakfast 630am, trash happend today because it is saturday
11-20-2021: i think more clearly when i go out for a late night stroll  i do not think an outdoor learning program will work but i think a hybrid program has a pretty good chance.  i dont feel like i should ask mom for help with phrasing.  i dont like how mom has these implicit expectations sometimes. "na hai ke yi" when i said i was coming home for 4 days.  i need to prepare christmas presents and food @ yijie
11-20-2021: let the kids be kids. to not have too many rules. but at the same time, rules are absolutely necessary.
11-20-2021: the headache that i have is connected to the food that i eat.
11-20-2021: some songs will let you feel eternal. and food. and people. and instances.
11-20-2021: the idea behind components is to try to make things as compartmentalized as possible so that they are easier to deal with
11-20-2021: vuecreatelistener is growing out of control ... but should be a way to make it much enater.
11-21-2021: the variables at vuecreatelistener are strewn all over the place. but i think it is fine. The only function, the root function, is the listener which is being bound to the window instance. Everything else lives as a closure inside the parent function. the incredible messiness can be handled later? ehh
11-21-2021: when i play basketball kind of intensely, my back hurts a little bit afterwards. when i play at this basketball court, i feel like im learning something. the people ... im meeting so many different people at this park. each has their own personality.  You dont know what hardships each of us are going thru at any time. each persons story ... their own story ... their own struggles ... this group of basketball players ... it is a random assortment. coming together. it is not coordinated. playing on instinct grabbing rebounds. there is zero coordination, and yet it predictably occurs every week. that is special. there is no directive from above. checking the ball the right way keeps everything flowing normally. passive advance buffs. it is a feeling that takes hold of the environment. a feeling of alliance ... to do things the normal way ... when a few of the students really buy into the system, it propagates the effect to the entire class. but also, this works in the opposite direction.
11-22-2021: so where do you increment the index? usually, it is going to be at the very start or the very end. i think it is error prone to increment the index anywhere else.
11-22-2021: i think its a good idea to only have 1 or 2 buffers open at any given time.  im not convinced that you should only have code files that are 200 to 300 in length. you get faster access if everything is in a single pile
11-22-2021: cooking is a no go on Monday. But Sunday afternoon appears to be a workable timing.
11-22-2021: suddenly audiocontroller and the timeline have become really hard to think about. self-reflexive starting and pausing is a very useful wrinkle. it allows callbacks to become nested. which might be an anti-pattern. one of the most important things about coding is that u should be able to read something after not looking at it for a few weeks, and still be able to kind of understand waht it does. the fundamental criteria is how easy is it to update?
11-22-2021: the clock will need some sort of update trigger. functions have to be manually called. There is probably a continuous callback loop happening ... no. i dont think vue is using a clock based callback system. rather, it is using getters and setters to achieve... something. To achieve the dynamic reactivity. 
11-22-2021: the role of a bandaid is to stop temporary bleeding. it assists blood clotting by providing a physical barrier. but it does nothing to address root origins. it doesnt try to do more than its prescribed role. it doesnt try to fix root causes. Perhaps fixing root causes goes beyond the domain.  For what appears to be 95% of the students in this region, everything is easy or hard. there is nothing in-between. the kids will get the grades the school gives them, but do these grades actually mean anything? yes. these grades mean a lot to their ego and development. it gives them positive feedback. so many things happened in the wrong way with Alan. But you cannot change the pricing. You have to finish what you started. See it to the end ... or something. 
11-22-2021: math is like reading a book. in order for it to sink in, sometimes you just have to let it sink in. it requires time. it needs freedom for the connections to be realized.  The parents have to be involved.  Learning in teams. I want to facilitate an environment. You get what you give. Finishing the website wont change anything, but it will show a semblance that i am serious.
11-22-2021: There will be no alliances in Sunset Park of meaningful engagement. Accept that, and just see how it goes. Assembling a crew. May be impossible. Maybe ... maybe u can help the next generation assemble a crew... maybe i should just get things done first
11-22-2021: callbacks nested 2 or 3 deep is about the maximum before it becomes unreadable. when there are callbacks of callbacks, perhaps a better approach is to use a factory
11-22-2021: this function is a complete mess ... but it will get better ... i know it will. there are some practical things that I have to take care of. 
11-22-2021: live your own life... but that is not always an option when u have obligations. that is not always desirable.
11-22-2021: to feel the rippling tides of destiny ... and to ignore them ... ... comfort is king. everything begins from a place of comfort. When you present something uncomfortable, the new status quo, or maybe this was always the status quo, is to ignore it.
11-22-2021: interuptions are expensive to handle. they require context switching. The requirement is to have a system iin place.  given very little help. but I can reflect it out. higher. faster. 
11-22-2021: nostalgia on Mondays. listening to old songs.
11-22-2021: music lets me feel free.  demar derozan. a master of the midrange.  to have less... to have the gift of anonymity.  i dont think i will be working at a learning center.  dont talk about career stuff with ml or family. its not a good feeling. words for some reason will not convey what i would like to say. people will hear what they want to hear. the rest will be discarded. unwinding the dependencies slowly.
11-22-2021: somehow tutoring alan ... became again like the smith school and justin fishman. old patterns were repeated. Why? Why did it again become like what it was before? 
11-22-2021: what was supposedly ... unique and special about me ... actually ... i see it manifested in every single child... a child without language, will grunt and point.
11-22-2021: i was feeling kind of lethargic in the afternoon ... but the project rejuvenates... doing project after project ... to have a computer that you can do work on ... will be important.
11-22-2021: the styling can have the logic extend forward in so many different ways. When one person has a deep speciality for something, the work that they do, is often times inspired. And has a very strong cumulative effect.  my eaer hasnt felt numb in forever. i also havent used any headphones for the longest time.
11-22-2021: the progress is really slow. but it comes and goes in spurts
11-23-2021: efficient engineers have tools and knowledge which compound on themselves.  money might not be the most enduring of assets. the value of money constantly changes.  We do not have a legacy of honor or of comradery or of sacrifice. we sacrifice, but never for the common good, only for our ingroup. the key is to have fun during the process. having fun is one way of achieving multiple win conditions. ... we can play like this ...
11-23-2021: bind is when the element first arrives. You can almost think of it as mounted. i believe it will only happen once. Vue transitions are meh. They are not a fun api to use, and it is not easy to reason about. it might be better to do everything via the animate api. because more transparent, less wrappers, easier to see what is happening
11-23-2021: everything about coding compounds. when u create a tool, the tool often helps u create additional tools
11-30-2021: no silly motivations. no over emotional feelings or extensions. keep the words to an absolute minimum. parents will wonder what is going on, if they dont get updates. the updates shud be thru the system. they shud be auto-generated. also, the parents will just know. give updates when asked. give updates is super important. it should border on the negative-neutral. It is okay. We still have a lot of work to do. There is a little improvement, there is still a lot of work to do. Somewhere right in the middle. no flashy exuberations in person. but all around high energy. i am scared to affect the energy with words. the emotions will come in slowly. they will flash in. There will be a time for high emotions, but i believe now is the time for an even keel. there will be high emotions and feel trips and cat pictures. just not now.  let the student see all the statistics. let them have something to compare against. Comparing against themselves.
11-30-2021: feeling kind of cold ... and kind of lethargic ... and kind of out of it.
11-30-2021: i have to do what i can do. what i can do is real. it is real. the stories that i can write ... are real. not everything is going to be about videos. I can do real work. I know I can.
11-30-2021: there is somebody for everyone.  you can be inspired by those younger than you.  You can do great things when people believe in you. But before others believe, first you have to believe.
11-30-2021: the arrows are important. They will have important extensions for later on.
11-30-2021: everyone grows stronger, given time and appreciation. To make beautiful math art.
12-01-2021: what is the difference between a chapter and a section?  i am at work right now. this desk is my work. i am at work.
12-01-2021: a consumable json which directs what does and doesnt get shown.  additionally, some parts can be literal html. it will perhaps be refreshed thru some sort of connecting api. im not necessarily buying into wordpress or ghost as the answer.
12-01-2021: wow. what an awesome life this dude has. it feels rare. Good for him. It is also a form of inspiration. The world doesnt have to be dog eat dog, is how his videos feel.
12-01-2021: u will delay and delay if you dont have a clear plan. start small, and let it slowly increase. 
12-01-2021: turn it into json, and then turn it into pure html or turn it into a vue render function.  believe in yourself... even if it hasnt manifested yet ... it will... it will.
12-01-2021: I have to finish it this week. But I have to do it in a way that is joyful for me. Sacrifice is needed, but you can sacrifice on your terms.
12-01-2021: i am becoming more and more of a fan of Joma. It is also crazy that I am 4 years older than him.
12-01-2021: it is a different path, which everyone takes. An absolutely different path.
12-01-2021: comparisons are kind of necessary. they let you see how the world around you is happening.
12-01-2021: now is the time to get your career together. working and serving ... there is life to be lived.
12-01-2021: people who are truly passionate about their work ... are going to be online. are going to have their own ventures.
12-01-2021: what starts off as amateur ... overtime becomes better and better. when skill is allowed to grow, a lot of good things can happen. Joma feels kind of inspirational.
12-01-2021: money creates opportunities and options and ambitions.
12-01-2021: telling a story with pictures and numbers. I can do this.
12-01-2021: dont necessarily have to remove the children ... but it would become much harder to track.  Not everyone can do fantastic work in the tech industry. They are perhaps the elite of the elite.
12-01-2021: it would be directly interactive ... if the animations could be interacted with
12-01-2021: it is correct to use the regular sans font because it is what everyone is accustomed to. it is correct to do the numbers differently. why is this taking so long.
12-01-2021: i have been consistently under-performing... consistently missing deadlines. will things improve
12-01-2021: you dont have to say your intentions. you just have to get the job done.  it seems to me ... all of this stuff ... is actually a game. the way companies can produce things without really producing all that much ... the way everyone has to grind thru algorithms ... the way you can burn money like it is nothing ... it all just seems to be a game.  10 happy parents.  no matter what, i have done things poorly with Andrei. And I cant take that back. But I am making a decision now of no meta commentary. And it may be a huge mistake. But I dont think it is. I have to be serious about it. Cannot do the lols and lmaos and commentary. have to do it by the book. sometimes, we all bullshit. not on purpose. it just comes out accidentally.  So much of production code for the big companies appears to be written in c++.
12-02-2021: something is really entertaining and or compelling about Jomas video. 
12-03-2021: the math notes that will appear every now and then cant just be simple text. It needs to be dynamic. With flow and movement.
12-03-2021: a large part of designing a game is about creating and subverting expectations
12-03-2021: mistakes occur when you dont have a plan in place.  one of the reasons i am still young is because i am constantly in the position of a child being reprimanded.  using a larger pot will prevent the overflow.  the interaction among Chinese people of giving zero help is not strictly true. there are going to be outliers.
12-03-2021: i am too tolerant of mistakes. the mistakes then start piling up.  putting people into position to succeed is tied to freedom and money. money is a form of freedom.  the brand name of Harvard impels a certain prestige onto you.
12-03-2021: reprimanded for letting the pot overflow. As has been customary for me. I am filled with a wretched feeling
12-03-2021: we buld up expectations of people and events ... and then we reinforce it. and it becomes more and more and more true. new environments let you start over to a small degree. but the old expectations that youre accustomed to linger. And then yet again, an effect is propagated.  if I enjoyed film and videos, i wouldve done it by now.  you have to make less mistakes. it has to be balanced.
12-03-2021: hard to overcome 10 years of negative patterns.  sometimes, it just feels like people are waiting for the next mistake to drop. lets try to go one month. no avoidable mistakes.


It is hard
