# Stephen's Special Ability

topics: guessing prime numbers

It was a peaceful evening.
Stephen was finishing up his math homework.
He had one more question, and then it would be time to watch Naruto.

.centered-math-question 
I am 2-digit prime number and my digits add up to 10. What is the smallest number I could be?

"Hmm...", thought Stephen. The digits need to add up to 10. He wondered what the number was. It needed to be a prime number. He knew 11 was a prime number. Was the answer 11?

"It can't be", Stephen said to himself.
"The digits of 11 only add up to 2."

Maybe the number was 53?
Stephen sighed. It wasn't 53.
53 was indeed prime, but the digits of 53 add up to 8.

It couldn't be 63 either.
6 + 3 equals 9

"73!" Stephen shouted aloud.
The number had appeared in his mind like a bolt of lightning.

The digits of 73 add up to 10.
Also, 73 feels like a prime number.

You can't divide it by 2, 4, 6, 8 because 73 is odd.
You can't divide it by 3 because of Mrs. Ping's trick.
You can't divide it by 5.

The answer was 73!

Stephen typed on his keyboard, "73."
Soon, it would be time to watch Naruto.
He clicked "submit answer."

The screen flashed, "Incorrect."

What!
But how?
How could 73 be incorrect?
73 was a prime number.
The digits of 73 added up to 10.

Stephen read the question again.

.centered-math-question 
I am 2-digit prime number and my digits add up to 10. What is the smallest number I could be?

Ahhhhh. 
Stephen had forgotten a very important detail: "Smallest."

"My answer works", Stephen said to himself. "But there must be another prime number that adds up to 10 which is smaller than 73."

Stephen's eyes lit up. "37!"

Afterall, 37 was just 73 reversed.
37 felt like a prime number because lots of numbers that end in 7 are prime.


It's odd so it can't be divided by 2,4,6,8.
Mrs. Ping's trick says you can't divide it by 3.
You can't divide it by 5.

Stephen ran through the numbers in his head.
Yes. He was pretty sure the answer was 37.

He typed "37" and pressed "submit answer."

Incorrect Answer

Nooooooooooooooooooooo!
How could 37 still be wrong?

Stephen looked at the clock.
It was 4:37PM.
Naruto was starting soon.


Stephen had no choice. 
He would have to use it.

He didn't want to use it. But he would.
It was his special ability.

Stephen got up from his chair.
He took a deep breath, and slowly exhaled.
He took another deepth breath and then shouted, "STEPHEN SPECIAL ABILITY!"

Stephen formed the ninja hand signs in rapid motion.

@handSigns()

The ground shook.
Light sparkled around Stephen.
Wind circled around his hands.

"SHOW-MY-WORK-NO-JUTSU!!!!!!!!!!"

Poof! A sharp number 2 pencil appeared in Stephen left hand.
Poof! A sharp number 2 pencil appeared in Stephen right hand.

With a pencil in both hands, Stephen wrote out all the prime numbers from 1 to 100. 

"This is the power", cried Stephen, "of showing my work!"

@stephenSequence({range: [1, 100], prime: 1, highlight: {digitSum: 10}})

Stephen smiled. He saw everything. He looked at all of the prime numbers he had just written. 3 of them stood out. Stephen picked the smallest one, and submitted his answer.

This time, it was correct.
